<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_3_sr3">
  <title>FR 16, 17: "Be able to model actions in the table for a single line + hyperlinks and the action launched"</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>
				The Event tab available for certain widgets in the Page Designer requires a refactoring in order to be able 
				to model actions in the table, actions that launch a pageflow or a call to any standard hyperlink.
				The goal is to  improve the event tab and the event definition dialog to be more user-friendly and to minimize
				the effort for a technical/business consultant defining these actions.
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/1.40.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS1.40-PageDesignerEvent.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS1.40-PageDesignerEvent.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
			<ol>
				<li>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-1740" scope="external">DS-1740:Page Designer Event call-URI parameter should allowing to browse the list of pageflows</xref>
				</li>
				<li>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-1741" scope="external">DS-1741:Page Designer Event Parameters definition improvements</xref>
				</li>
				<li>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-2198" scope="external">DS-2198:Simplified and advanced event pop-up (Screen)</xref>
				</li>
				<li>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-2263" scope="external">DS-2263:Simplified and advanced event pop-up (Generation)</xref>
				</li>
			</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p><b>UI Changes</b></p>
			<p>
				A new extension point "com.odcgroup.page.ui.eventDefinitionDialog" is defined in order to be able to select pageflow models from the Page Designer. 
				<i>com.odcgroup.page.ui.dialog.EventDialogFactory</i> class provides methods that create EventDialog reading the extension points from registry. 
				This facilitated a clean integration of different models. New plug-in projects "page-pageflow-integration" and "page-pageflow-integration-ui" were
				created.				
			</p>
			<p>In the Event definition dialog a new parameter pane in created, which is enabled based on certain function types of the event.  Parameters are added/modified/deleted
			with in this pane.
			</p>
			<p>New controls (<i>SimplifiedEventControl, AdvancedEventControl)</i> are created for the Event definition dialog which let you define simplified and advanced events.  
				These controls implement <i>com.odcgroup.page.event.ui.dialog.controls.IEventControl</i> interface.
			</p>
			<p><b>Generation</b></p><p>
				A new extension point "com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.ofsModelTransformer" is defined in order to be able to specify an appropriate generator for the external models like
				the pageflow.  An extension for the pageflow transformer is provided in the "page-pageflow-integration" plug-in.
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
