<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_4_sr3">
  <title>Keep User's Choices - Radio Button</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>
			This feature requires changes to the <b>selected</b> property of the radiobutton widget to be able to store the display-oriented values.
			
			</p>
			<p>This feature also requires
				<ul>
					<li>Constraints on radio-button <b>group</b> and <b>id</b> attributes</li>
					<li>Changes to the radio-button generation</li>
					<li>Migration of existing models</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/1.40.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS1.40-KeepUserChoices.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS1.40-KeepUserChoices</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-2896" scope="external">DS-2896</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
				<b>Changes to Page meta-model</b> : The data type of the property <b>Selected</b> is changed to booleanType from StringType. 
				This makes the property editor of the selected property to a True/False combobox.  The default value for this is set to false.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>Validation</b> : New validation checks are added to the PageWidgetValidator class to check the <b>group</b> and <b>id</b>
				attributes of the radiobutton widget are not empty.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>Generation</b> : 
				<ul>
					<li>The feature requires the generation of a default event for the radio button if one is not specified.</li>
					<li>A new transformer <i>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.RadioButtonWidgetTransformer</i> will take care of this.  
					The generation specific to the selected property is taken care by <i>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.SelectedPropertyTransformer</i>. 
				    </li>
				    <li>This feature also requires changes to <i>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.impl.ExtraParentWidgetTransformerImpl</i> to 
				    include navigation specific elements (<i>nav:managerequest</i>) at the module level.
				    </li>
				</ul>				
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
