<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_4_sr3">
  <title>FR 18: Provide Support for Grid</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>The Page Designer provides support for a "Grid" Widget. 
			It helps the user to build form with aligned widgets.
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/1.40.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS1.40-PageDesginerGrid.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS1.40-PageDesginerGrid.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-1712" scope="external">DS-1712</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Technical considerations
						<ul>
							<li>
								The Widget Types "Grid" and "GridCell" are defined in the file xgui-widget-library.metamodel 
								This file describes the widgets and their properties. The widget template for Grid and GridCell
								are also defined in this file.
							</li>
							<li>
								The rendering of the grid is declared in the file page-designer.metamodel under
								the entry "Renderers". It contains both the binding between the WidgetType "Grid" and the java 
								class GridFigure, and the WidgetType GridCell and the java class GridCellFigure. Regarding
								the GridCellFigure, the support for the delete is provided by a special delete command 
								(class GridDeleteCellCommand). This command disallow the user to delete the cell itself.
								A special drag tracker is also defined for the Grid (class GridDragEditPartsTracker).
							</li>
							<li>
								The entry for the Palette is defined in the file page-designer.uimodel. This file contains
								also all the declaration of contextual menu under the entries "Menus", "Action Groups", "Actions".
							</li>
							<li>
								The specific transformer for XGUI is realized by the java class 
								GridWidgetTransformer and it is bind to the Grid Widget Type in 
								the definition file page-designer.transformmodel.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
