<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_3_sr3">
  <title>SR 7.3 Provide some security support in DS (PMS only, CDM excluded)</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>The enabled property controls the enablement of a control, therefore it controls 
					the ability to modify some information or to launch certain actions.</p>
			<p>The new value 'Conditional' has been introduced to the following widgets:
				<ul>
					<li>Icon</li>
					<li>Label</li>
					<li>LabelDomain</li>
					<li>Item</li>
					<li>Checkbox</li>
					<li>Radiobutton</li>
					<li>Button</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
			<p>When the Conditional value is used, a new property named "Enabled is based on" can 
					be used to define precisely the condition of enablement. This condition can be
					based on an attribute of the Dataset (simplified condition) or based on condition
					written in Java and included in the page (advanced condition).</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/1.40.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS1.40-Security.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS1.40-Security.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-2734" scope="external">DS-2734</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Technical considerations
						<ul>
							<li>
								The new enabledIsBasedOn property has been added to the relevant widget. 
								It is used to display the condition which can be an attribute or advanced. 
							</li>
							<li>
								Additionally two new hidden properties have been added: enabledIsBasedOn-simplified and enbaledIsBasedOn-advanced.
								They hold respectively the attribute used by the simple condition and the java code of the advanced contidion.
							</li>
							<li>
								A third hidden property enabledIsBasedOn-declaration had been addded to Module widget to produce the declaration
								required in case of advanced condition.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
