<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_4_sr3">
  <title>FR 18: Provide Support for Table/Tree</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>The Page Designer provides support for a "TableTree" Widget. 
			It helps the user to build complex tables or trees including aggregation, grouping,...
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/1.40.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS1.40-PageDesignerTree.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS1.40-PageDesignerTree.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-1712" scope="external">DS-1712</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Technical considerations
						<ul>
							<li>
								The Widget Types "TableTree", "TableAggregate", "TableColumn", "TableColumnItem", "TableExtra",
								"TableGroup", "TableKeepFilter" and "TableSort" are defined in the file xgui-widget-library.metamodel 
								This file describes the widgets and their properties. The corresponding widget templates for Table/Tree 
								are also defined in this file.
							</li>
							<li>
								The different accountability rules for the WidgetType "TrableTree" and "TableColumn" are defined 
								in the file page-designer.metamodel under the entry "Accountability"
							</li>
							<li>
								The rendering of the table/tree is declared in the file page-designer.uimodel under
								the entry "Renderers". It contains both the binding between the WidgetType "TableTree" and the java 
								class TableFigure, and the WidgetType TableColumnFigure and the java class TableColumn. 
							</li>
							<li>
								The entry for the Palette is defined in the file page-designer.uimodel. This file contains
								also all the declaration of contextual menu under the entries "Menus", "Action Groups", "Actions".
							</li>
							<li>
								The specific transformer for XGUI is realized by the java class 
								TableWidgetTransformer (package com.odcgroup.page.transformodel.table) and it is bind to 
								the Widget Type "TableTree". This definition is declared in the file page-designer.transformmodel.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
