<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_4_sr3">
  <title>FR 14: Provide Support for Traffic Lights</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>The Page Designer provides Support for Traffic Lights, i.e it allows the user
			to import a set of external icons into the page designer. Theses icons can then be added
			to pages, modules or fragment</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/1.40.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS1.40-ImportIcons.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS1.40-ImportIcons.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-2396" scope="external">DS-2396</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Technical considerations
						<ul>
							<li>
								The Widget Type "Icon" defined in file xgui-widget-library.metamodel describe the
								The widget and its properties. All the magic to trigger the selection of image is done
								through the property "icon". This property has a data type "ImageType" that is bound
								to a specific java class (ImagePropertyEditor) (see file data-types-.metamodel). This
								editor display a popup with all the images that can be selected by the user. It delegates 
								the display of icons to the ImageCellEditor and ImageDialog.
							</li>
							<li>
								The figure renderer for the Widget Type "Icon" is defined in the file page-designer.metamodel under
								the entry "Renderers". It contains the binding between the class IconFigure and the Widget Type. 
								This file contains also the definition of the Icon in the Palette.
							</li>
							<li>
								A specific transformer for XGUI is realized by the java class 
								IncludeXSPWidgetTransformer and it is bind to the IncludeXSP Widget Type in 
								the definition file page-designer.transformmodel.
							</li>
							<li>
							    The preferences for the images are managed by the main utility class CorporateImageUtils.
							    This class is the main entry point to access the preferences and in particular the load
							    of the sprite files described in the FDS.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
