<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" []>
<task id="ordering_enquiry_field">
	<title>Ordering Fields of an enquiry</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>order field enquiry</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>The following steps assume that you have an enquiry opened in your editor</prereq>
		<context>
			There are two different ways of sorting fields in enquiry:
			<ul>
				<li>Order of fields definition:
					T24 evaluates enquiry fields respecting the order in enquiry definition.
					This order
					matters when you have dependencies between fields inside the enquiry.
				</li>
				<li>Order of columns when running the enquiry:
					This applies to visible fields only, becoming columns at runtime.
					Column order is based on column position value set on field properties.
				</li>
			</ul>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Drag&amp;drop the field to move
					in the
					<uicontrol>Data Output</uicontrol>
					tab within the list of fields to the appropriate rank.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>Field is moved inside the model. You can check the change in the DSL editor.
					The column position value remains unchanged.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Drag&amp;drop the field to move
					in the
					<uicontrol>Presentation</uicontrol>
					tab within the list of column to the appropriate position.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>Field column position is automatically changed accordingly.
					This action doesn't changes the field rank in
					the model.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>
					to save your changes.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/EnquiryModel.dita" />
		<link href="../Reference/References.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
