<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Reference-05-05-2008--14-34-41">
  <title>Table properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>table properties</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
          <stentry>Category</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Rendering mode</stentry>
          <stentry>yes</stentry>
          <stentry> For details, see section <xref href="../../../Concept/Panels/Table/Table.dita"/> . </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>Summary delegated</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow conref="../../CommonProperties.dita#Description"/>
        <strow id="ExpandCollapseGroupingLevel">
          <stentry>Expand/Collapse Grouping Levels</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry> If set to <i>true</i>, displays just above the table/tree a small icon that allows users to expand/collapse nodes of the tree. This icon is displayed only if grouping has been defined. </stentry>
          <stentry>True</stentry>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>True</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="ShowColumnSelector">
          <stentry>Show Column Selector</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry> If set to <i>true</i>, displays just above the table/tree a small icon that allows users to show/hide existing columns in the table/tree. </stentry>
          <stentry>True</stentry>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>True</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="SelectAll">
          <stentry>Select all</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry> If set to <i>true</i>, displays two labels in the table/tree toolbar: <uicontrol>Select all</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Deselect all</uicontrol>. These labels allows users to select/deselect all nodes of the table. These labels will only be generated when there is a table with a placeholder column marked as checkbox. </stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>True</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="FilterTable">
          <stentry>Filter</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry> If set to <i>true</i>, displays an icon with an event. This event will display a filter layer that allows users to choose extra filters to apply to the table. All domain columns marked as &quot;Is part of the filter&quot; will be available for filtering. To finalize the display of the filter layer, a page and a pageflow is necessary. This pageflow will be used as a sub-pageflow in the main pageflow where it is possible for the WUI end user to define the filter. </stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>True</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="CheckboxExclusive">
          <stentry>Make multiple checkboxes exclusive</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry>Applies when multiple placeholder columns containing checkboxes are designed within the table. If set to <i> true</i>, selecting one checkbox deselects all other checkboxes on the same row. </stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>True</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Has table fixed size</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry> When set to <i>true</i>, the Width and Height properties can be set to limit the boundaries of the table. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Presentation</stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="PageSize">
          <stentry>Page Size</stentry>
          <stentry>yes</stentry>
          <stentry> The maximum number of rows to display. If set to the keyword <codeph>Corporate</codeph>, then the value is retrieved from the corporate design (see section <xref href="../../../Concept/CorporateDesign.dita"/> ); otherwise, it must be a valid number. <b> Note</b>: The value 0 (zero) means no pagination and the table footer below the table will not be displayed. </stentry>
          <stentry>Corporate</stentry>
          <stentry>Presentation</stentry>
          <stentry>30</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="PreviewSize">
          <stentry>Preview Size</stentry>
          <stentry>yes</stentry>
          <stentry> The number of rows to display within Design Studio. This has no effect on the actual running of the application. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Presentation</stentry>
          <stentry>20</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="HighlightRows">
          <stentry>Highlight Row</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry>Highlights the row that the user hovers with the mouse. </stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
          <stentry>Presentation</stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="ShowNumberOfItems">
          <stentry>Show Number Of Items</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry>Displays on each tree node the number of items listed under it. </stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
          <stentry>Presentation</stentry>
          <stentry>False</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow conref="../../CommonProperties.dita#DumpModel"/>
        <strow conref="../../CommonProperties.dita#Id"/>
        <strow conref="../../CommonProperties.dita#ModelReference"/>
        <strow conref="../../CommonProperties.dita#Style"/>
        <strow conref="../../CommonProperties.dita#VerticalAlignment"/>
        <strow conref="../../CommonProperties.dita#ViewReference"/>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section id="EditableTableProperties">
      <title>Editable Table</title>
      <p>
   <simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>Property</stentry>
            <stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
            <stentry>Description</stentry>
            <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
            <stentry>Category</stentry>
            <stentry>Example</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Dataset</stentry>
            <stentry>yes</stentry>
            <stentry>This is the editable dataset attached to the underlying table.</stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>General</stentry>
            <stentry>AAADSExtOperation:ExtOperationAll</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Dataset Identifier Attribute</stentry>
            <stentry>yes</stentry>
            <stentry> This is an attribute of the editable dataset that uniquely identifies an entity. </stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>General</stentry>
            <stentry>order_id</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Format Identifier Attribute</stentry>
            <stentry>yes</stentry>
            <stentry> This is an attribute of the dataset (format) that bounds the enclosing module. Its value uniquely identifies a row in the table. </stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>General</stentry>
            <stentry>id</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Format Permission Attribute</stentry>
            <stentry>No</stentry>
            <stentry> This is a boolean attribute of the dataset (format) that is bound to the module that contains the table. It is used at runtime to allow/disallow the editing of a row/value according to, for instance, the user&apos;s privileges. </stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>General</stentry>
            <stentry>UPDATE_RIGHT</stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Transformation</title>
      <p>
    <b>Sort</b>
    <simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>Property</stentry>
            <stentry>Description</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Sorting column</stentry>
            <stentry>Any attribute from the dataset or any computed column. If the table has group(s), this sorting applies only on leaf rows and not on group elements. </stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Sorting direction</stentry>
            <stentry>Ascending/descending.</stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable>
    The sort that appears at the top of the list will be executed first.
   </p>
      <p>
    <b>Group</b>
   </p>
      <p>
    Table groups are summarized in a read-only list where limited number of properties are displayed. Group properties
    are editable by selecting the group item in the Editor area.
    <simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>Property</stentry>
            <stentry>Description</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Grouping column</stentry>
            <stentry>Any attribute from the dataset. The group will appear in the left column.</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Sorting column</stentry>
            <stentry>The sorting of the grouping. This sorting orders elements of the current group.</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Sorting direction</stentry>
            <stentry>Ascending/descending.</stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable>

   </p>
      <p>
    <b>Aggregate</b>
    <simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>Property</stentry>
            <stentry>Description</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Aggregated column</stentry>
            <stentry>The column on which the aggregation will appear.</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Computation</stentry>
            <stentry> List of available computations. This list varies depending on the rendering mode. </stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Weighted Mean&apos;s Weight</stentry>
            <stentry> An attribute of the dataset used as the weight to compute the weighted mean. This property is editable only when the Aggregation Type is Weighted Mean; otherwise, it is undefined. </stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>On which group to appear</stentry>
            <stentry> The result of the aggregation is displayed on a grouped row. You must choose at least one group on which to appear. </stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable>
    <note type="attention">The aggregation of <codeph>text</codeph> value in a hierarchical context is not supported. This is a known limitation.</note>
   </p>
      <p>
    <b>Keep Filter</b>
</p>
      <p>    You can define a filter that will remove rows from the table.
    <simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>Property</stentry>
            <stentry>Description</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Multiple keep filter logic</stentry>
            <stentry>You can define the filters that are combined using an OR or an AND.</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Filter column</stentry>
            <stentry>Any attribute from the dataset.</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Criteria</stentry>
            <stentry>The list of supported criteria is the following: =, &lt;&gt;, &gt;, &gt;=, &lt;, &lt;=, Like, Not Like. </stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Value</stentry>
            <stentry>The value to be matched.</stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable>
   </p>
      <p>
    <b>Extra</b>
</p>
      <p>The purpose of the &quot;Extra&quot; table is to add data that will not be displayed in the table model. The
    typical
    usage is  to add IDs to build hyperlinks.
    <simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>Property</stentry>
            <stentry>Description</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Data</stentry>
            <stentry>Any attribute from the dataset.</stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable>
   </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../../Concept/Panels/Table/Table.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../Task/ManagingTable/ManagingTable.dita"/>
    <link href="./DomainColumnProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./ComputedColumnProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./DynamicColumnProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./PlaceholderColumnProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./TableItemProperties.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
