<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="menu_item_properties">
  <title>Menu item properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>menu item properties</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>General</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Name</stentry>
          <stentry> Mandatory property. This name becomes the translation key after code generation. It then must be unique within the current menu and across all menus existing in the project. A naming convention is recommended with following rules: <codeph>menu.[profile name].[activity name].[menuItem name]</codeph></stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Security Role</stentry>
          <stentry>For Triple&apos;A Plus implementation, this security role corresponds to a Triple&apos;A Plus Core function. The connected user must have this function declared in the user&apos;s function security profile composition for accessing the menu item. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Enabled</stentry>
          <stentry> Defines whether the menu item must be displayed or not. It accepts the following values: <ul>
              <li>True: always displayed.</li>
              <li>False: never displayed.</li>
              <li>Conditional: this value tells only that a class has to be coded. The condition expression is out of Design Studio.</li>
            </ul> When a parent menu item is disabled all child items inherit from this setting and are also not displayed. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Display Children as Tabs </stentry>
          <stentry>When checked, the generated menu will create one tab for each leaf menu entry declared under the current level. This applies to level four (D) only. The property is disabled for all other levels. This provides in the running application a switch from the selected menu item to other related ones without opening the menu again. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
        <stentry>Keyboard shortcut </stentry>
        <stentry>Optional property. It contains the string representation of a keyboard shortcut</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Pageflow</stentry>
          <stentry>You can either browse for designed pageflow model or set a specific URL out of Design Studio. This points to the URI started when the user selects the menu item in the running application.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Translation</title>
      <p>A translation can be defined for the menu item display name appearing in the running application. </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/MenuModel.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/Tasks.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
