<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="Task-12-06-2008--11-51-15">
	<title>Exporting Excel translation files</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>translation excel file</indexterm>
				<indexterm>export translation</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			Exporting refers to extracting translated data from Design Studio (DS) and displaying it in a Microsoft Excel
			spreadsheet, which allows you to make edits. Any edits or new data on the spreadsheet can be imported back into DS
			(see section
			<xref href="ImportTranslationFile.dita">Importing Excel translation files</xref>
			). Exporting a Microsoft Excel translation file involves the general document generation process. The generated Excel
			file will contain the default language and all other languages of interest.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd> Generate the documentation of the project in which you want to view its translation file. </cmd>
				<info>
					For more information regarding documentation generation, see section
					<xref href="../../../Workbench/Task/GeneratingDocumentation/GeneratingAndViewingDocumentation.dita" />
					.
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					To view the translation file, go to the
					<wintitle>Package Explorer</wintitle>
					view pane and from the selected project&apos;s hierarchy tree, select
					<filepath>Documentation\Doc\Translation.xls</filepath>
					.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Open the Microsoft Excel spreadsheet. </cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Before you start to edit, clean up the file by keeping only required columns (e.g., translation key, language
					of reference, and language to update). </cmd>
				<info>Removed languages do not affect the models translations during the importation. Report Key and Columns
					suffixed with HTML are produced for Actuate reports and are ignored during the importation. </info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../../MessageEditor/Concept/DefaultLanguage.dita" />
		<link href="../../../MessageEditor/Concept/LanguageOfInterest.dita" />
		<link href="../../../Workbench/Task/GeneratingDocumentation/GeneratingAndViewingDocumentation.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Generating and viewing documentation?>
		</link>
		<link href="./ImportTranslationFile.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Importing Excel translation file?>
		</link>
		<link href="./EditingTranslationFile.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Editing Excel translation files?>
		</link>
	</related-links>
</task>
