<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-22-07-08--09-43-00">
  <title>Copy of base-class dataset</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>synchronized dataset</indexterm>
        <indexterm>copy base-class</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>
   When a  number of dataset attributes used in pages or rules become similar to the base-class composition,
   it is
   recommended to create a dataset that is a copy of its base-class. 
   Starting from an empty dataset, this action populates the dataset automatically from the based-Class.
  </p>
    <p>
   Dataset elements are copied from the based-Class respecting the following rules:
   <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>For each base-class element...</stentry>
          <stentry>... the following dataset element is created</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Attribute</stentry>
          <stentry>Class attribute</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Association (by reference, cardinality one) to Class A. </stentry>
          <stentry> Class attribute with a linked dataset based on Class A and marked as <uicontrol>Default linked dataset</uicontrol>. If no default linked dataset is declared for Class A, the Class association is not copied into the dataset. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Other associations</stentry>
          <stentry>None</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
  </p>
    <p>
   When applying this action on an existing dataset, all properties of the dataset  are overwritten during the copy. Only a few  are protected:
   <ul>
        <li>Calculated attributes.</li>
        <li>Modifications done on annotations of attribute. </li>
        <li>Translations. </li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <note>The Copy Base-Class action is equivalent to the Synchronize Datasets action.</note>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./domain_dataset.dita"/>
    <link href="./dataset_derived_property.dita"/>
    <link href="../../references/domain_dataset_specification.dita"/>
    <link href="../../tasks/ManagingDatasets/CopyBaseClass.dita"/>
    <link href="../../tasks/ManagingDatasets/SynchronizeDatasets.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
