<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-22-07-08--09-42-02">
  <title>Linked dataset</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>linked dataset</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>
   A linked dataset is a property of a dataset class attribute.
   This property is enabled only when the dataset attribute is directly mapped to a class association versus a specific attribute of the associated
   class. A linked dataset, based on the associated class, is then required. 
   The linked dataset describes the structure of the
   referenced class in the main dataset. 
   It reproduces the reference that
   exists between classes at the corresponding
   datasets level. A linked dataset is not a reference but a composition that the main dataset contains. 
  </p>
    <p> For instance, consider a dataset based on Class Portfolio with attribute
   mapped on association referencing
   Currency Class.
   This dataset attribute requires a linked dataset describing the data structure retrieved from
   Currency.
   In this example, the linked dataset based on Currency may contain only primary
   key, code, name, and
   denomination of a Currency.
  </p>
    <p>If the association cardinality is
   <term>many</term>,  then the linked dataset is a collection.
   Linked datasets can be nested (i.e., a dataset used as a linked dataset
   can contain
   attribute(s) with linked dataset).
  </p>
    <p>Because many datasets can be based on the same Class, a dataset can be marked as the default linked dataset. 
   The Default Linked dataset property is used when applying the Copy Base-Class feature (similar to &quot;synchronize Datasets&quot;)  on a dataset.
   See section <xref href="./CopyBaseCLassDataset.dita"/>.   </p>
    <p>
   Only one
   dataset based on a given Class can be declared as
the    default linked dataset. A default linked dataset
should be
   fairly small, containing only
   required attributes of the
   foreign Class to
   be
   displayed
   in
   modules or used in
   rules.
  </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./domain_dataset.dita"/>
    <link href="./dataset_derived_property.dita"/>
    <link href="../../references/dataset_mapped_property_specification.dita"/>
    <link href="../../tasks/ManagingDatasets/creating_a_dataset_mapped_property.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
