<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-10-06-2013--12-24-10">
	<title>Importing Applications</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>import application</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>
			You need at least one T24 server in your
			<wintitle>Server</wintitle>
			view pointing to a running environment.
		</prereq>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Import </uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Design Studio - Import Applications.</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>T24 application import wizard is open.</stepresult>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the T24 server from the list and click
					<uicontrol>Next.</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>DS connects to the T24 server and retrieves all existing applications.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the application(s) you want to import. For a global selection, click on the
					<uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
					button. You can filter the selection by Application name, product and component.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					and select location where you want the applications to be imported.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			The selected files are imported in your selected folder.
			The applications are automatically organized in domain models
			by the import process:
			<ul>
				<li> A component becomes a domain model under that folder. If you import applications of the same component in
					different places, you get error reported in the Problems view saying this domain already exists. You need to
					group
					applications by T24 application component name in the same target location. If you manually modify the domain
					name
					you will have the same issue during next import of the same application or other ones of the same component.
				</li>
				<li> An application becomes a class within the domain model corresponding to its component.
				</li>
				<li>Application import overrides the whole class in the domain file, but documentation (help text) that is kept
					protected.</li>
				<li>
					A field type matches a business type the import process creates in domain model:
					<filepath>domain\businessTypes\BusinessTypes.domain</filepath>
				</li>
			</ul>
			When imported applications partially update domain models, only the selected applications are overridden, leaving
			other ones untouched.
			<note>Importing a sub-set of applications, and not all existing ones, raises errors when trying to resolve references
				between applications.
				It is recommended to have at some points all of applications in your project, even if this may
				take a long time.
			</note>
		</result>
		<postreq>because DS domain model validator is more restrictive than T24 Core, you may face some validation errors
			reported in the problems view.
			It is strongly advised to solve them by editing imported domain models.
		</postreq>

	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../concepts/Application.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/BusinessType.dita" />
		<link href="../../Workbench/Task/Technical/ImportingInDebugMode.dita" />
		<link href="./ImportingHelpText.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task> 

