<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-29-05-2013--12-24-10">
	<title>Importing Help Text</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>import HelpText </indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>You must already have imported application from T24. You need to have Helptext XML files accessible from your
			machine.
		</prereq>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Import </uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Design Studio - Import T24 Helptext</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>Helptext import wizard is open.</stepresult>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on the
					<uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol>
					button and select the folder containing all helptext XML files.
				</cmd>
				<info>The BrowserWeb.war can be found in the <i>..\jboss\standalone\deployments</i> folder of your TAFC and TAFJ installation.
					Open the archive and view the helpParameters.xml. 
					The &lt;viewLocation/&gt; tag gives the helptext folder location.</info>
				<stepresult>All XML files found under the selected folder are displayed in the selection preview.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the files you want to import. For a global selection, click on the
					<uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					and select the DS project model where you want the helptext to be imported. The import process will automatically
					find applications within the project.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			The selected files are proceeded, updating domain models with documentation on corresponding application
			classes and
			attributes.
			<note>Importing Helptext takes a long time.</note>
		</result>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../concepts/HelpText.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Application.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task> 

