<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-28-11-2013--15-21-49">
  <title>Installing and starting the application </title>
  <taskbody>
    <context> Apply the following steps for installing Design Studio on your machine. </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>On CD 4 delivered with the standard packaging, look for the executable &quot;DesignStudioTAP-[version].exe&quot;. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Double-click on the executable.</cmd>
        <stepresult>Dialog box that introduces the install shield for Design Studio is displayed.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Browse for the location where you want to install Design Studio. Never upgrade Design Studio with a new installation. Always install in a new empty folder. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. </cmd>
        <stepresult>The installation starts.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. </cmd>
        <stepresult>Design Studio is installed on your machine.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Double-click on the <i>DesignStudioTAP.exe</i> to start it. </cmd>
        <stepresult><wintitle>Design Studio Splash</wintitle> screen is displayed and asks for the workspace selection. </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select any new empty local directory outside of the Design Studio folder installation for creating new workspace. This is the directory where the modified models will be saved. </cmd>
        <info>This folder separation protects your workspace from being removed during the installation of the next version of Design Studio. </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result> You are ready to start designing models. </result>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./UninstallApplication.dita"/>
    <link href="../ManagingProject/ManagingProject.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
