<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-11-15-2012--14-13-55">
  <title>Checkbox in table column</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>checkbox table</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>A checkbox can be added to a table column for multi-row selection.
As well, several checkboxes can coexist in the same table
   row.
   You have the option to make the  checkboxes  exclusive or non-exclusive, whereby when one checkbox is selected, all other checkboxes in the row are automatically deselected.
  </p>
    <p>For the  back-end to be able to distinguish which checkbox has been selected in a row, an action  can be set on the properties of each checkbox
 to qualify the checkbox selection.
   This action must match
the    back-end
   function or the system parameter that the pageflow
   action references.
   When there is only one checkbox in the table, the
   expected value for such action is &quot;sel&quot;.
  </p>
    <p>A checkbox in a table column must reference a dataset&apos;s attribute as the identifier.
   This is the value that will be
   sent to the server for  uniquely identifying each selected row.
   This attribute is the same for all checkboxes defined
   in the table.
   The list of selected values is sent due  to an
   on-click event that can be placed anywhere in the page.
   The
   pageflow action catches  the posted list in the URL.
  </p>
    <p>When the table is a tree that groups data or displays a hierarchy, a checkbox can be displayed at the group level(s) of
   your choice. This checkbox will react to rows selection of lower levels:
   <ul>
        <li>When a level is selected, all leaf nodes, as well as lower group levels, are selected.</li>
        <li>When one of the leaf nodes of a group has been unselected, the group level is deselected.</li>
      </ul>Only identifiers of leaf nodes  are sent to the back-end. This rule applies to all table types except  detailed delegated table
   with raw data, which has its identifier  sent to the server.
  </p>
    <p>You can design a Select all/De-select all that is displayed above the table column for selecting all checkboxes groups.</p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Modifiable/CheckBox.dita"/>
    <link href="./Table.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../Reference/Modifiable/CheckBoxProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../Reference/Panels/Table/TableProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../Task/ManagingTable/AddingCheckbox.dita"/>    
  </related-links>
</concept>
