<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" []>
<task id="Configuring_human_task"> 
	<title>Configuring a human task</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>business process</indexterm>
				<indexterm>JBPM</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq> The following steps assume you have already imported the necessary versions from a T24 area into your 
				  Design Studio Model Project and added a BPMN process to your jBPM project.
		</prereq>
		<context>This task is about defining process variables and field mappings in a human task.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>To define process variables, double click the .bpmn file in your jBPM project to open the graphical editor 
				for designing process definitions.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Click anywhere within the boundary of the editor window to edit the properties of the business process.  
				The Properties view pane below the editor window displays properties as <uicontrol>Property</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> columns.
				Select &quot; <i>String</i> &quot; as the variable type (T24 OFS responses are Strings).
				</cmd>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>To add a process variable, click on the command button in the property called <uicontrol>Variables</uicontrol>. </cmd>
				<stepresult>The Variable List editor window is opened.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Click on the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> button.  Enter a name for the process variable and select the variable type. 
				Multiple process variables can be added.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Click on OK. </cmd>
				<stepresult>The process variables are listed in the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> column for the property called <uicontrol>Variables</uicontrol>.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>To define the T24 version to execute along with mapping, click on the Human task to edit its properties in the Property view pane.	</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Click on the command button in the property called <uicontrol>Comment</uicontrol>.	</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Select the version for the Human task from the drop-down list of introspected versions, mode and the record ID.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Click on the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> button in the <uicontrol>Field Mappings</uicontrol> Section.  
				Choose the field for mapping from the dropdown, listing all the attributes of the version.  
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Fields can be mapped to a default value (Value = <uicontrol>USD</uicontrol>) or an input value from a process variable (Value = <uicontrol>#{LocalCurrency}</uicontrol> 
				where LocalCurrency is a process variable populated in a previous step in the process workflow).
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Click on OK.  </cmd>
				<stepresult>The Human task configuration along with field mapping is displayed against the property Comment.</stepresult>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
		</result>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/BusinessProcess.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
		<link href="../../VersionDesigner/Task/ImportingVersions.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
