<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" []>
<task id="creating_business_process">
	<title>Creating Business Process</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>business process</indexterm>
				<indexterm>JBPM</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq> </prereq>
		<context>
		This task is about creating a new jBPM project and adding a BPMN process to it.  
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Switch to jBPM perspective in Design studio to design graphical process descriptions</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>To create a new jBPM project, Select <uicontrol>File → New → Project </uicontrol> from the menu in Design Studio workbench.	</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Select <uicontrol>jBPM → jBPM project.</uicontrol></cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enter a name for the project in the <uicontrol>Project name: </uicontrol>text box and click Next.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Select an empty project in the New jBPM project window.	</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Add the jBPM runtime, if not already added using window->preferences.	</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Click on Finish. </cmd>
				<stepresult>A new jBPM project is added to the Project Explorer pane.</stepresult>
			</step>
				
			<step>
				<cmd>To create a BMPN process, Select <uicontrol>File → New → Other </uicontrol>and then select <uicontrol>jBPM → BPMN2 Process.</uicontrol></cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Select the parent folder.  You may add the process directly to the Project created in the previous step
				or to the src/main/resources folder inside the Project.  
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enter a file name for the business process and click on finish.  </cmd>
				
			</step>		
		</steps>
		<result>A &lt;filename&gt;.bpmn file is created and added to the folder.  </result>
		<postreq>Refer to the JBoss BRMS 5.3 Getting Started guide on the JBoss BRMS site for more information.	</postreq>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/BusinessProcess.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/ConfiguringHumanTask.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/StoringHumanTaskResults.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/DeployingProcess.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
