<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" []>
<task id="storing_human_task">
	<title>Storing human task results</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>business process</indexterm>
				<indexterm>JBPM</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq> The following steps assume you have already defined the required process variables for the business process. </prereq>
		<context>
		Result mapping enables output of one activity to become input for an ensuing activity.  
		This task is about storing results in a human task for future use.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Click on the Human task to edit its properties in the Property view pane.	</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Click on the command button in the property called <uicontrol>Result Mapping</uicontrol>.  
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The Result Mapping window opens.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Click on the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> button to add <uicontrol>Parameter(s)</uicontrol> for storing results.	</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Choose the field whose current value must be passed on to subsequent activities from the drop down, 
				listing all the attributes of the version associated with the Human task.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
				Assign the value of these fields to the appropriate process variables.  
				All the defined process variables appear in the dropdown list in the <uicontrol>Variable</uicontrol> Column.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Click on OK.</cmd>
				<stepresult> The result mappings are displayed against the property <uicontrol>Result Mapping.</uicontrol></stepresult>
			</step>
			
		</steps>
		<result>
		</result> 
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/BusinessProcess.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
