<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs Plus.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-20-02-2010--13-17-38">
	<title>Deployment of models</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>runtime deploy</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
			When configuring a Design Studio project,
			models can be deployed on a T24 environment.
		</p>
		<p>
			List of models that can be
			deployed:
			<ul>
				<li>Screen</li>
				<li>Enquiry</li>
				<li>Local field definition (domain model)</li>
				<li>Local reference application (domain model)</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>
			You can deploy one or set of models at any time. This corresponds to the development phase when each designed model
			requires
			unit test. This is different from
			<xref href="..\..\Packager\concepts\Packager.dita">Packaging</xref>
			the whole Design Studio workspace aimed for installing or upgrading integration or
			production
			environment with
			validated models.
		</p>
		<p>
			Design Studio model is not deployed as is. One (or many) artifact generated from that model is deployed.
			The
			generation of models can be controlled from
			<xref href="..\Reference\ProjectProperties.dita">project properties</xref>
			by selecting the generation cartridges.
			Build
			workspace, when selected, deploys the generated file(s) on active T24
			server.
		</p>
		<p>
			Updating T24 server with  models needs then two phases;
			<ul>
				<li>
					Generation you trigger with specific action:
					<ul>
						<li>
							By applying a
							<xref href="..\Task\DeployingApplication\GeneratingAndViewingCode.dita">generate code</xref>
							one one model, folder or project.
						</li>
						<li>
							By setting
							<xref href="..\Task\DeployingApplication\GenerateAutomaticallyOnSave.dita">Generate Automatically</xref>
							on your workspace to generate a model when saved.
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					Deployment automatically done if
					<ul>
						<li>
							You have an active server with
							<i>-gen</i>
							project added to it.
						</li>
						<li>
							Menu entry
							<menucascade>
								<uicontrol>Project</uicontrol>
								<uicontrol>Build Automatically</uicontrol>
							</menucascade>
							is selected in your workspace.
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</p>


	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="..\..\Packager\concepts\Packager.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/DeployingApplication\AddingServer.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/DeployingApplication\Adding-RemovingProjects.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/DeployingApplication/GeneratingAndViewingCode.dita" />
		<link href="..\Task\DeployingApplication\GenerateAutomaticallyOnSave.dita" />
	</related-links>
</concept>
