<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?><!--  -->
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-30-09-2009--16-02-00">
	<title>Importing Project from Git</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Import Project Git</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>You must have a github account to connect to the repository. If not, please contact your system administrator.
		</prereq>
		<context>
			You are about to import a whole project from a central repository.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Open
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>file</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Import</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<uicontrol>Select import source</uicontrol>
					dialog is displayed.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Choose
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>Git</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Projects from git</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
					and click
					<uicontrol>Next.</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					<uicontrol>Select repository Source</uicontrol>
					dialog box is opened.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<uicontrol>URI</uicontrol>
					icon and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<uicontrol>Source Git Repository</uicontrol>
					dialog is displayed.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					In the URI field, copy/paste the following address: https://github.com/temenostech/Hothouse.git
					and hit
					<uicontrol>Tab</uicontrol>
					key.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Enter your github credentials in the
					<userinput>User</userinput>
					and
					<userinput>Password</userinput>
					fields and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<uicontrol>Branch Selection</uicontrol>
					dialog is displayed.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Keep all branches selected
					and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<uicontrol>local destination</uicontrol>
					dialog is displayed.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on
					<uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol>
					to select a folder for the local storage of your project. For example:
					<userinput>C:\gitHub\Hothouse</userinput>
					. Keep the
					<userinput>master</userinput>
					in the Initial Branch and
					<userinput>origin</userinput>
					for the remote name. Click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<uicontrol>Select a wizard to use for importing projects</uicontrol>
					dialog is displayed. please wait for the system to load projects.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Keep the
					<uicontrol>Import existing projects</uicontrol>
					selected and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<uicontrol>Import projects</uicontrol>
					dialog is displayed listing all available projects.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					<uicontrol>Deselect All</uicontrol>
					projects.
					Select project you need and click
					<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>Latest revision of selected projects are added to your workspace. You ready to start working in a
			collaborative mode.</result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
