<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Reference-20-10-2010--13-19-00">
  <title>Matrix item properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">bjm</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>matrix properties</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>General</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Aggregation Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Mandatory property. The possible values are Sum, Max and Weighted Mean. Default is Sum.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Column Name</stentry>
          <stentry>Property available only if the item is a computed column. Default value proposed by the designer can be changed to a name that has a business meaning.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Column Type</stentry>
          <stentry>This read-only property differentiates a computed column from a column created by an attribute drop.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Domain Attribute</stentry>
          <stentry>The name of the attribute.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Display last row</stentry>
          <stentry>Property available only if the item is an additional column. It is a Boolean which defines whether to display the aggregate for the whole column.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Weighted Mean&apos;s Weight</stentry>
          <stentry>An attribute of the dataset used as the weight to compute the weighted mean. This property is editable only when the Aggregation Type is Weighted Mean; otherwise it is undefined.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Description</title>
      <p>A description of the item can be provided in this section. </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Presentation</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Horizontal Alignment</stentry>
          <stentry>This property allows changing the horizontal alignment of the item. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Vertical Alignment</stentry>
          <stentry>This property allows changing the vertical alignment of the item. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Display Format</stentry>
          <stentry>You can use this property to select a pattern for the item rendering.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Translation</title>
      <p>A translation can be defined for the tooltip only (label displayed when the mouse is over the cell). </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Limitation</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Enabled</stentry>
          <stentry>This property defines if the item is enabled or not. If Conditional is chosen, a condition must be entered in the <codeph>Enabled is based on</codeph> property.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Enabled is based on</stentry>
          <stentry>If the <codeph>Enabled</codeph> property is set to Conditional, this property contains the condition. </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Event</title>
      <p>Events linked to this item can be created in this section.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Technical</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>CSS Class</stentry>
          <stentry>You can use this property to specify a class. This property allows changing the item rendering.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Id</stentry>
          <stentry>The technical id of the item.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../../Concept/Panels/Matrix/Matrix.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../Task/ManagingMatrix/ManagingMatrix.dita"/>
    <link href="./MatrixComputedColumnProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./MatrixCellProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./MatrixAxisProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./MatrixLastRCCProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="./MatrixProperties.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
