<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="class_attribute_specification">
	<title>Attribute properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Claude Vedovini</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>attribute properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Core properties</title>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Default value</stentry>
					<stentry>Example</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Name</stentry>
					<stentry>String</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>The attribute name.</p>
						<p>
							For more information about
							naming conventions for properties, see section
							<xref href="naming_conventions.dita#naming_conventions/properties">Naming conventions</xref>
							.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>firstName</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Enumeration or Primitive type</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>The attribute type.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>mml:string</codeph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>mml:string</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Default</stentry>
					<stentry>Depends on the attribute type.</stentry>
					<stentry>Default value of this attribute when creating an instance of the class that it belongs to. </stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Depends on the attribute type.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Primary Key</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>
						Whether this attribute is the primary key (see section
						<xref href="../concepts/Class/primary_key.dita" />
						) of its containing class or not.
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						false
					</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Business Key</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>
						Whether this attribute is part of business key (see section
						<xref href="../concepts/Class/BusinessKey.dita" />
						) of its containing class or not.
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>false</codeph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Required</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Whether this attribute is required or not. </p>
						<note> A required attribute should be given a value. </note>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>false</codeph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Documentation</stentry>
					<stentry>Text</stentry>
					<stentry>Documentation that provides information about this attribute.</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>T24 LocalField</title>
			<p>N.A.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>SQL properties</title>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Default value</stentry>
					<stentry>Example</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Maximum characters</stentry>
					<stentry>integer</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates the maximum number of characters that may be entered in this Local Table element.
							This field is used
							to control the maximum number of characters (up to 35) allowed for this Local Table element. If
							the format is an
							amount, note that 6 of these characters are accounted for as decimals.
						</p>
						<p>
							To allow leading spaces, and free text where more than one space is allowed between characters, the max
							characters
							should be prefixed with a space.
							To allow zero as an amount, this field should be prefixed with a zero.
							To allow leading zeroes in a number, prefix
							the max. length with two zeroes.
						</p>
						<p>
							If APPLICATION VET (association) is entered, then any input to this field must comply with the requirements of
							the
							specified Application.
							If this field is left blank when APPLICATION VET is entered, the maximum allowed number
							of characters
							for the key of that Application will be set during deployment.
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation Rules:
							1-4 numeric characters in the range 1 to 35, a leading space or zeroes may be entered.
							Mandatory input when
							APPLICATION VET left blank.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Minimum characters</stentry>
					<stentry>integer</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates the minimum number of characters that may be entered in this Local Table element.</p>
						<p>
							This field is used to control the minimum number of characters (up to 35) allowed for this Local Table element.
							Any
							input to this field will have the effect of making this Local Table element a mandatory field.
						</p>
						<p>
							If Field 18 (APPLICATION VET) is entered, then any input to this field must comply with the requirements of the
							specified Application e.g. if Field 8 is Country, which has a 2 character key, Field 4 is only allowed to be 2
							characters.
						</p>
						<p>
							Use with version: Versions in existence prior to use of Local Reference within an application may not treat the
							Local Reference as Mandatory if this field has an input. The appropriate version will require the field numbers
							of Local Reference to be created by the system at the end of the version record. This will be done automatically
							when the next change is made to the version.
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation Rules
							Up to 2 numeric characters in the range 1 to 35. (Optional input. No default unless Field 18 is
							entered. In this
							case, the minimum number of characters for the ID of that Application will be applicable.)
							The
							number of characters defined in this field must be smaller or equal to the number of characters defined in
							MAXIMUM CHARACTERS (Field 3).
							No input if DEFAULT POSSIBLE (field 16) is equal to "YES".
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>0</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>no Input/Change</stentry>
					<stentry>Enumeration</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates whether the local reference field can be input by the user or amended by the user.
							The local reference
							field can be set as 'NOINPUT' ie. the system will provide input, or 'NOCHANGE' where the user
							cannot amend the
							field after authorisation.
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation Rules
							Either 'NOINPUT', 'NOCHANGE', or blank.
							Cannot be 'NOINPUT' when MINIMUM CHARS is defined.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Enrichment</stentry>
					<stentry>Attribute name</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates which field of the Application defined in Field 18 (APPLICATION VET) is to be used for on line
							enrichment when an Application Vet has been specified.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Allow Override</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Specifies whether input in this local reference can differ from the decision rules.
							If true then the user may
							input a local reference that does not meet the decision criteria in this table.
							The system will prefix the
							enrichment with "OV!" and prompt the inputter for an override.
							If the input is blank then the value must meet the
							decision criteria.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Specifies whether the system should default the value in VETTING TABLE.
							If true the system will provide the
							input for the user at validation according to the decision
							criteria. 
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation
							Rules:
							Valid only if VETTING TABLE is defined.
							false if MINIMUM CHAR is defined.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>

	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="naming_conventions.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/property_multiplicity.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/primary_key.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/BusinessKey.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/class_attribute.dita" />
		<link href="../tasks/ManagingClasses/creating_a_class_attribute.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
