<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="T24_local_field_definition_properties">
	<title>T24 local field definition properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">olivier cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>attribute properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Core properties</title>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Default value</stentry>
					<stentry>Example</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Name</stentry>
					<stentry>String</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>The attribute name.</p>
						<p>
							This is the ID by which the Local Table element details can be identified.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>100</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Enumeration, association or business type</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>
							Type depends on the local field T24 settings:
							<ul>
								<li>
									<u>By setting an Enumeration:</u>
									you specifies the possible Input values allowed in this Local Table element (only
									allowed if it is not to be
									validated against another Application.)
									This field may be used to define all Input
									values which are allowed for
									this Local Table element.
									e.g. If the only possible input is Y or N, then Y can be
									entered in Field 6.1 and N in
									Field 6.2. Any other input
									to this Local Table element would then be invalid.
									<p></p>
									Validation Rules
									Up to 18 characters, according to the number of maximum and minimum characters and the
									character type (enumeration business type).
									<p></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<u>By setting an association referencing another application:</u>
									you specify the Application against the key of which the input to this field is to be Validated.
									For instance,
									if the assocaition point to class "Country", then any input to this Local Table element must exist in the
									COUNTRY table.
									<p></p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<u>By setting a Business type</u>
									: you specify the type of characters that may be entered for this Local Table element.
									This field can be used to
									control the type of characters allowed for this Local Table element.
									<ul>
										<li>A = Alphanumeric characters, A to Z, a to z, 0 to 9, space or ! " # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + , - . / [ \ ]</li>
										<li>
											AA = As for A except the first character must be A to Z or a to z.
										</li>
										<li>
											AAA = Any character in the range A to Z or a to z.
										</li>
										<li>
											AMTLCCY = Amount in local currency. Amount will be formatted as per local currency.
										</li>
										<li>
											AMTCCY = Amount and currency entered in the same line. The currency code is entered first followed by the
											amount.
											Negative amounts are allowed D = A valid date format with the year between 1950 and 9999. DD = As for
											D, but
											with the year between 1000 and 2049. R = Up to 16 characters, in the range 0 to 9 but with a maximum of
											6
											integers or 9 decimals.
										</li>
										<li>
											S = Any character in the range A to Z, 0 to 9 or . ( ) +, - ( - cannot be the first character.)
										</li>
										<li>
											SS = As for S, except the first character must be in the range A to Z.
										</li>
										<li>
											SSS = Any Character in the range A to Z only.
										</li>
										<li>
											blank = Any Character in the range 0 to 9 or '.' only.
										</li>
										<li>
											TIME = A valid time which will be displayed in the 24-hour format with hours and minutes separated by a
											colon
											(:).
										</li>
										<li>
											TIMES = As above but also with seconds displayed.
										</li>
										<li>
											TIMEH = A valid time which will be displayed in the 12-hour format with hours and minutes separated by a
											colon (:)
											and also a suffix of 'am' or 'pm'.
										</li>
										<li>
											TIMEHS = As above but also with seconds displayed.
										</li>
									</ul>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>mml:string</codeph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>mml:string</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Translation</stentry>
					<stentry>Text</stentry>
					<stentry>
						Represents the local field short name. It can be set in any language being used by the System. This is then
						used as
						the screen prompt for the Input field.
						his field is used as the field description on the Input screen for
						Applications which reference this Local Table
						element, therefore you should ensure that a meaningful Short Name is
						input.
						<p></p>
						Validation Rules
						3-15 type SS (uppercase alpha or numeric, first character must be alpha) characters. XX.LL
						Multilanguage field.
						(Mandatory input)
					</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Documentation</stentry>
					<stentry>Text</stentry>
					<stentry>Describes the Local Table element in English only.
					</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
					<stentry>&#160;</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>T24 LocalField</title>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Default value</stentry>
					<stentry>Example</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Maximum characters</stentry>
					<stentry>integer</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates the maximum number of characters that may be entered in this Local Table element.
							This field is used
							to control the maximum number of characters (up to 35) allowed for this Local Table element. If
							the format is an
							amount, note that 6 of these characters are accounted for as decimals.
						</p>
						<p>
							To allow leading spaces, and free text where more than one space is allowed between characters, the max
							characters
							should be prefixed with a space.
							To allow zero as an amount, this field should be prefixed with a zero.
							To allow leading zeroes in a number, prefix
							the max. length with two zeroes.
						</p>
						<p>
							If APPLICATION VET (association) is entered, then any input to this field must comply with the requirements of
							the
							specified Application.
							If this field is left blank when APPLICATION VET is entered, the maximum allowed number
							of characters
							for the key of that Application will be set during deployment.
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation Rules:
							1-4 numeric characters in the range 1 to 35, a leading space or zeroes may be entered.
							Mandatory input when
							APPLICATION VET left blank.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Minimum characters</stentry>
					<stentry>integer</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates the minimum number of characters that may be entered in this Local Table element.</p>
						<p>
							This field is used to control the minimum number of characters (up to 35) allowed for this Local Table element.
							Any
							input to this field will have the effect of making this Local Table element a mandatory field.
						</p>
						<p>
							If Field 18 (APPLICATION VET) is entered, then any input to this field must comply with the requirements of the
							specified Application e.g. if Field 8 is Country, which has a 2 character key, Field 4 is only allowed to be 2
							characters.
						</p>
						<p>
							Use with version: Versions in existence prior to use of Local Reference within an application may not treat the
							Local Reference as Mandatory if this field has an input. The appropriate version will require the field numbers
							of Local Reference to be created by the system at the end of the version record. This will be done automatically
							when the next change is made to the version.
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation Rules
							Up to 2 numeric characters in the range 1 to 35. (Optional input. No default unless Field 18 is
							entered. In this
							case, the minimum number of characters for the ID of that Application will be applicable.)
							The
							number of characters defined in this field must be smaller or equal to the number of characters defined in
							MAXIMUM CHARACTERS (Field 3).
							No input if DEFAULT POSSIBLE (field 16) is equal to "YES".
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>0</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>no Input/Change</stentry>
					<stentry>Enumeration</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates whether the local reference field can be input by the user or amended by the user.
							The local reference
							field can be set as 'NOINPUT' ie. the system will provide input, or 'NOCHANGE' where the user
							cannot amend the
							field after authorisation.
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation Rules
							Either 'NOINPUT', 'NOCHANGE', or blank.
							Cannot be 'NOINPUT' when MINIMUM CHARS is defined.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Enrichment</stentry>
					<stentry>Attribute name</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Indicates which field of the Application defined in Field 18 (APPLICATION VET) is to be used for on line
							enrichment when an Application Vet has been specified.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Allow Override</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Specifies whether input in this local reference can differ from the decision rules.
							If true then the user may
							input a local reference that does not meet the decision criteria in this table.
							The system will prefix the
							enrichment with "OV!" and prompt the inputter for an override.
							If the input is blank then the value must meet the
							decision criteria.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Specifies whether the system should default the value in VETTING TABLE.
							If true the system will provide the
							input for the user at validation according to the decision
							criteria.
						</p>
						<p>
							Validation
							Rules
							Valid only if VETTING TABLE is defined.
							false if MINIMUM CHAR is defined.
						</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>-1</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<codeph>35</codeph>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>

	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="naming_conventions.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/property_multiplicity.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/primary_key.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/BusinessKey.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Class/class_attribute.dita" />
		<link href="../tasks/ManagingClasses/creating_a_class_attribute.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
