<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-03-06-2009--13-08-00">
  <title>Business types</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>business type</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>A business type qualifies model attributes with a comprehensive business meaning.</p>
    <p>
   For instance, an attribute based on the business type <term>Amount</term> has a clear business meaning,
   whereas one based on the
   simple primitive
   type
   <i>decimal</i>
   has none.
  </p>
    <p>A business type has display properties that the Page Designer retrieves when attributes are dragged and dropped into the
   page
   editor.
   This brings productivity and consistency to the front-end design.
   For instance, if you create a module
   displaying an attribute of type <term>Amount</term>, the page designer retrieves the precisions
   and scale from the business type&apos;s
   constraint on decimal property.
  </p>
    <p>This concept exists in Triple&apos;A Plus Core.
   All Triple&apos;A Plus Core business types are delivered with the
   Triple&apos;A Plus Web packaging project because 
   they
   are required by the meta-dictionary and formats importation.
  </p>
    <note>Changes made on properties of existing business types, such as constraints on string or decimal, are not automatically reported to models using attributes based on such business types. For instance, if you reduce the total digits of the business type <term>Amount</term>, the existing modules displaying <term>Amounts</term> are not impacted. Only further drops of attributes based on the business type <term>Amounts</term> will use the new properties values. </note>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./domain_model.dita"/>
    <link href="../references/BusinessTypeProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../tasks/CreatingBusinessType.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
