<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-08-05-2008--08-13-55">
  <title>Attribute</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>attribute display</indexterm>
        <indexterm/>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p> This widget can be used only in the context of Client Data Management (CDM) project. 
   An attribute, which contains a label and an input field, is created when the
   attribute is dragged and dropped from a domain model file into a page diagram.
   The type of input field that is created depends on the domain attribute&apos;s type
   (e.g., primitive, enumeration). The attribute widget is a single
   component; the label and input field cannot be moved separately. The type of
   field to display can be changed using the Field Type property. For example,
   you can use a checkbox instead of a text field.
  </p>
    <p>
   You can choose to display only the input field without its label.
   <ul id="ul_369B7D0F85DF4A96B3E1D6350C9230F5">
        <li id="li_A90BE668A74D408AA55C1A8CEE2CF7E6"> If you set the Show Label property to Hide Label, the label is no longer displayed but it still occupies the same amount of space on the page that it did previously. </li>
        <li id="li_1B002D68F7BF4BA99977B04C69DFA1D8"> If you set the Show Label property to No Label, the label is no longer displayed and it no longer occupies any space on the page. </li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <p>
   In most situations, you will not add an attribute directly from the palette menu. If you do, you must add a link to the
   domain model file via the domain
   attribute property.
  </p>
    <p>
   The alignment and the order of display are managed through the corporate design; see section
   <xref href="../CorporateDesign.dita"/>.
  </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Reference/Special/AttributeProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../CorporateDesign.dita"/>
    <link href="../PageDesignerPaletteMenu.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
