<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-19-02-2008--12-46-27">
  <title>Menu bar</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>A menu bar is located at the top of the Design Studio (DS) Workbench
    interface and contains menu names (for example, File menu, Edit menu).
    Each menu name provides a drop-down list to access different functions and
    features. Some of the functions and features in the drop-down lists are
    available as icons on the toolbar, and are enabled or disabled to support
    the tasks you are performing.</p>
    <p>The following tables do not provide a comprehensive list of all menu
    bar functions and features available in DS Workbench. More information
    about the functions and features not listed here can be found in the
    Workbench User Guide (<menucascade>
        <uicontrol>Help</uicontrol>
        <uicontrol>Help Contents</uicontrol>
        <uicontrol>Workbench User Guide</uicontrol>
      </menucascade>).</p>
    <p>The drop-down list in the File menu contains:</p>
    <p><simpletable id="simpletable_75C1CD1F626C4BF5B68F26AA52BE1939">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>New</stentry>
          <stentry>Creates a new DS Workbench item, such as a project, folder, file.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Open File</stentry>
          <stentry>Opens a dialog box that lets you choose a file to load into the application.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Close</stentry>
          <stentry>Closes the opened file in the Editor area.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Close All</stentry>
          <stentry>Closes all opened files in the Editor area.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Save</stentry>
          <stentry>Saves the contents of the active file in the Editor area.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Save As</stentry>
          <stentry>Opens a dialog box that lets you save the contents of the opened file to another destination file. Subsequent changes are saved to the newly-selected file.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Save All</stentry>
          <stentry>Saves the contents of all opened files in the Editor area.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Rename</stentry>
          <stentry>Changes the name of the project or file that you highlighted in the Project Explorer view pane.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Refresh</stentry>
          <stentry>Refreshes projects or files that are highlighted in the Project Explorer view pane. To be able to view most current changes in the DS Workbench, a refresh might be necessary when files within a project are added or removed outside of the workbench.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Print</stentry>
          <stentry>Prints the active diagram in the Editor area.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Switch Workspace</stentry>
          <stentry>Opens a dialog box that lets you select, browse for or manually enter a new workspace location.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Import</stentry>
          <stentry>Lets you import or reference existing DS Workbench projects.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Export</stentry>
          <stentry>Lets you export existing DS Workbench projects.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Properties</stentry>
          <stentry>Displays contextual properties of the item selected in the Project Explorer view pane.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Exit</stentry>
          <stentry>Closes the DS Workbench application.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable></p>
    <p>The drop-down list in the Edit menu contains:</p>
    <simpletable id="simpletable_AAD2287BDC9340C5A4CD7EBDFE0E1DE5">
      <sthead>
        <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
        <stentry>Description</stentry>
      </sthead>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Undo</stentry>
        <stentry>Reverses the most recent action.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Redo</stentry>
        <stentry>Re-applies the most recent action that was reversed by Undo.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Cut</stentry>
        <stentry>Removes the selected item or text and places it on the clipboard.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Copy</stentry>
        <stentry>Copies the selected item or text and places it on the clipboard.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Paste</stentry>
        <stentry>Places the most recent selection that you cut or copied in the active diagram in the Editor area.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Delete</stentry>
        <stentry>Removes the selected item or text.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Select All</stentry>
        <stentry>Selects all on items in the active diagram in the Editor area.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Add Task</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you attach a task reminder to a specific resource, path, or location of a file. All tasks can be viewed in the Tasks view pane in the Resource perspective.</stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
    <p>The drop-down list in the Navigate menu contains:</p>
    <simpletable id="simpletable_AAD2287BDC9340C5A4CD7EBDFE0E1DE5">
      <sthead>
        <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
        <stentry>Description</stentry>
      </sthead>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Open Resource</stentry>
        <stentry>Helps you quickly find a specific resource. </stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Show In</stentry>
        <stentry>Shows the selected item in the view pane that you wish to view it. </stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Back</stentry>
        <stentry>Returns you to your last previous location.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Forward</stentry>
        <stentry>Brings you forward to the locations that you visited before you used the Back function. </stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
    <p>The drop-down list in the Search menu contains:</p>
    <simpletable id="simpletable_AAD2287BDC9340C5A4CD7EBDFE0E1DE5">
      <sthead>
        <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
        <stentry>Description</stentry>
      </sthead>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Search</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you perform a search for a model, rule, file, java, or plug-in in your workspace.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>File</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you perform a search for a file in your workspace.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Text</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you perform a text search in your workspace, project, file, working set. </stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
    <p>The drop-down list in the Project menu contains:</p>
    <simpletable id="simpletable_AAD2287BDC9340C5A4CD7EBDFE0E1DE5">
      <sthead>
        <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
        <stentry>Description</stentry>
      </sthead>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Open Project</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you open a project, which are actively compiled when you edit the Java files. Projects are either opened or closed.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Close Project</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you close a project. You cannot access any files in a closed project until you open it. Projects are either opened or closed.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Build All</stentry>
        <stentry>Builds all open projects. This feature is only available when the Build Automatically feature is disabled.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Build Project</stentry>
        <stentry>Builds a single project. This feature is only available when the Build Automatically feature is disabled.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Build Working Set</stentry>
        <stentry>Builds the current working set. Working sets lets you categorize/customize resources across projects into subsets of files/classes/folders/projects that represent a certain developer workflow. This feature is only available when the Build Automatically feature is disabled.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Clean</stentry>
        <stentry>Discards all build artifacts of all or selected projects, and rebuilds the projects from scratch. </stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Build Automatically</stentry>
        <stentry>Performs an automatic build each time the project&apos;s resources is saved with changes.</stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
    <p>The drop-down list in the Window menu contains:</p>
    <simpletable id="simpletable_679974E843534946A9335B609C4D2E12">
      <sthead>
        <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
        <stentry>
          <p> Description</p>
        </stentry>
      </sthead>
      <strow>
        <stentry>New Window</stentry>
        <stentry>Opens a new window.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>New Editor</stentry>
        <stentry>Opens a new tab in the Editor area. The new tab is a duplicate of the last selected tab.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>
          <p>Preferences </p>
        </stentry>
        <stentry>
          <p>Lets you change the default appearance (for example, color
        of shapes, ruler and grid options in the Editor area) for new
        diagrams.</p>
        </stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
    <p>The drop-down list in the Help menu contains:</p>
    <p><simpletable id="simpletable_679974E843534946A9335B609C4D2E12_1">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p> Description</p>
          </stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Help Contents</stentry>
          <stentry>Displays online Help content about using the DS Workbench application.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Check For Updates</stentry>
          <stentry>The application looks for plug-ins to install on your Design Studio.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>About Design Studio Workbench</stentry>
          <stentry>Displays the feature, plug-in, and configuration details about the DS Workbench application.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            <p>Update Workbench </p>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>Finds and installs new features and manages
            configurations for the DS Workbench application.</p>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable></p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./Toolbar.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
