<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="reference-02-07-2012--15-26-00">
  <title>Design Studio Script </title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>expression language</indexterm>
        <indexterm>data</indexterm>
        <indexterm>separator</indexterm>
        <indexterm>operator</indexterm>
        <indexterm>script</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Script editor</title>
      <p>
    Design Studio Script editor provides multi-line text where carriage return, space, and indentation are not significant. Text highlighting improves the script readability. 
    A content assist that is called by  pressing <uicontrol>Ctrl+Space</uicontrol> keys on your keyboard helps with building expressions.  
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Data access operators</title>
      <p>
    Data access operators define characters that Design Studio script supports for separating dataset and
    enumeration
    elements. You can access  dataset attributes or enumeration values by using correct  operators:
    <ul>
          <li> Dataset attribute: The operator is “.” and it separates the dataset and the attribute name. The same rule applies when attribute is an association. For instance: <ul>
              <li> Simple attribute: <i>DatasetName.attributeName</i></li>
              <li> Attribute referenced through associations: <i>DatasetName.assocationFromAtoB.associationFromBtoC.attributeName</i></li>
            </ul></li>
          <li> Enumeration value: The operator is “::” and it separates the domain name from the enumeration name as well as the enumeration name from the enumerated value. For example, <i>DomainName::EnumerationName::value</i>.</li>
        </ul>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Relational operators</title>
      <p>
    List of relational operators supported by Design Studio Script.
    <simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>Operator</stentry>
            <stentry>Date</stentry>
            <stentry>Boolean</stentry>
            <stentry>String</stentry>
            <stentry>Integer</stentry>
            <stentry>Decimal</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Equal: ==</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Different: !=</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Greater than: &gt;</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Greater or equal than: &gt;=</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Less than: &lt;</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
          </strow>
          <strow>
            <stentry>Less or equal than: &lt;=</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry/>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
            <stentry>X</stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title> Statement</title>
      <p>
    The only available statement in Design Studio Script is
    <i>if-then-else</i>. The syntax is the following:
    <codeblock>
if (expression)
   expression
else 
   expression
    </codeblock>
   </p>
      <p>
    The
    <i>if()</i>
    statement can be nested, for example, 
    <i>if()</i>
    within other
    <i>if().</i> 
    No returned value is necessary as the  Boolean expression is the returned value. Each
    <i>if()</i>
    requires an
    <i>else</i>; this is related to the expression definition where a
    Boolean value must be returned. So, an
    <i>if()</i>
    with no
    <i>else</i>
    could return nothing, which is incorrect.
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Logical operators</title>
      <p>
    List of logical operators supported by Design Studio Script:
    <ul>
          <li>AND </li>
          <li>OR</li>
          <li>NOT</li>
        </ul>
   </p>
      <p>
    Parentheses() can be used to group expressions. For example, 
    <i>expression1 AND (expression2 OR expression3)</i>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Literal expressions</title>
      <p>
    List of literal expressions supported by Design Studio Script:
    <ul>
          <li>true</li>
          <li>false</li>
          <li>null</li>
        </ul>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Comments</title>
      <p>
    You can insert comments within the expression by using the following syntax:
    <ul>
          <li> Multi-line comments: <ul>
              <li>/* Starting comment</li>
              <li>* At each line </li>
              <li>*/ Closing comment</li>
            </ul></li>
          <li>Single line comments: //</li>
        </ul>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Special characters</title>
      <p>
    Some characters have a specific meaning:
    <ul>
          <li> Delimiter character : &quot;&quot; or &apos;&apos; </li>
          <li>Escape character: \</li>
        </ul>
   </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/DSScript.dita"/>
    <link href="../../PageDesigner/Task/WritingConditionWithDSScript.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
