<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="reference-23-10-2009--15-26-00">
  <title>Project properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>cartridges</indexterm>
        <indexterm>generating code</indexterm>
        <indexterm>generation documentation</indexterm>
        <indexterm>corporate design</indexterm>
        <indexterm>namespace</indexterm>
        <indexterm>language preference</indexterm>
        <indexterm>available icons</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Available icons</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Icon</stentry>
          <stentry>The graphical representation of the icon.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Name</stentry>
          <stentry>The name of the icon.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>File name</stentry>
          <stentry>The file where the icon is stored.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry><ul>
              <li>Regular: stand alone icon</li>
              <li>Sprite: sprite file</li>
            </ul> Note that all icons used in the standard packaging are in one single sprite file. </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Corporate Design</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Label Horizontal Alignment</stentry>
          <stentry>-</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Widget Horizontal Alignment</stentry>
          <stentry>-</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Page size</stentry>
          <stentry>Represents the number of details visible per page in a table / tree.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Documentation Generation properties</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Cartridge name</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Is Generated</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Domain (XLS)</stentry>
          <stentry>Documentation of the domain model.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Translation (XLS)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the file of all translations.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Pageflow Description (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the pageflow model description property.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Pageflow Properties (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the properties set on the pageflow model.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Pageflow States (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the list of pageflow model states.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Pageflow Transitions (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the list of pageflow model transitions.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Large List of Pageflow Transitions (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the list of pageflow model transitions extended with all properties set on actions.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module/Fragment Container (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the model containers; tabbed panes and conditionals.</stentry>
          <stentry>If the model contains a tabbed pane or conditional.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module Include (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the model includes pointing to module only.</stentry>
          <stentry>If model contains module includes.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module/Fragment Description (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the model description property.</stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module/Fragment Attribute (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the list of dataset attributes found in the model.</stentry>
          <stentry>If model contains dataset attributes.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module/Fragment Action (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the list of action (event widget) found in the model.</stentry>
          <stentry>If model contains events set on widgets.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module/Fragment Action Filters (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the list of filters set on events found in the model.</stentry>
          <stentry>If model contains events and filter sets on those events.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module/Fragment Action Search (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the details of the search properties set on events that are found in the model.</stentry>
          <stentry>If model contains events and search(es) set on those events.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module Auto-complete Design (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry> Exports the properties for modules of type <i>auto-complete.</i></stentry>
          <stentry>If model is of type auto-complete.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Module/Fragment Translations (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry> Exports all model translations. </stentry>
          <stentry>Always</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>XModule Container (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the model containers, extended with conditions code.</stentry>
          <stentry>If model contains a tabbed pane or conditional.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Table Description (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the table description property.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a table.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Table Grouping (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the table groups properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a table with groups.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Table Sorting (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the table sorting properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a table.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Table Filtering (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the table keep filter properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a table with a keep filter.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Table Extra Column (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the table extra columns.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a table with extra columns.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Table Columns (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the table columns properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a table.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Matrix Description (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the matrix description property.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a matrix.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Matrix Axis (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the matrix axis properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a matrix.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Matrix Extra (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the matrix extra column properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a matrix with extra columns.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Matrix Filters (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the matrix keep filter properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a matrix with a keep filter.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Matrix Cell (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the matrix cell properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a matrix.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Matrix Attributes (HTML)</stentry>
          <stentry>Exports the matrix dataset attributes properties.</stentry>
          <stentry>If module contains a matrix.</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
      <b>Settings</b>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Documentation Generation Folder</stentry>
          <stentry> Root folder where files for models of type are located: pageflow, page, module, fragment. </stentry>
          <stentry>
            <filepath>C:\DesignStudio\</filepath>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Language properties</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Default language</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <xref href="../../MessageEditor/Concept/DefaultLanguage.dita"> refer to translation editor concept </xref>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Language of interest</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <xref href="../../MessageEditor/Concept/LanguageOfInterest.dita"> refer to translation editor concept </xref>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Code Generation properties</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Cartridge category</stentry>
          <stentry>Cartridge name</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>API (Domain)</stentry>
          <stentry>Java Model generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>API (Domain)</stentry>
          <stentry>Service Model generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Domain)</stentry>
          <stentry>Java Beans generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Domain)</stentry>
          <stentry>Castor XML generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Domain)</stentry>
          <stentry>Castor JDO generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Rules)</stentry>
          <stentry>Visual Rules generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>EJB (Domain)</stentry>
          <stentry>EJB Delegates generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>EJB (Domain)</stentry>
          <stentry>EJB Generation generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>WUI Module</stentry>
          <stentry>Translation repository generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>WUI Module</stentry>
          <stentry>Module XSP generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>WUI Module</stentry>
          <stentry>Rules Pageflow Action generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>WUI Activity</stentry>
          <stentry>Page XSP generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>WUI Activity</stentry>
          <stentry>OCS Pageflow Config generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>WUI Activity</stentry>
          <stentry>OCS Workflow Config generation cartridge</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Domain) component-specific</stentry>
          <stentry>CDM Custom Fields</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Domain) component-specific</stentry>
          <stentry>CDM Enumerations</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Domain) component-specific</stentry>
          <stentry>CDM Services</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Implementation (Domain) component-specific</stentry>
          <stentry>CDM Datasets</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/Projects.dita"/>
    <link href="../../PageDesigner/Concept/AvailableIcons.dita"/>
    <link href="../../PageDesigner/Concept/CorporateDesign.dita"/>
    <link href="../../MessageEditor/Concept/DefaultLanguage.dita"/>
    <link href="../../MessageEditor/Concept/LanguageOfInterest.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/ManagingProject/SettingProjectProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/GeneratingArtifacts/GeneratingAndViewingCode.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/GeneratingDocumentation/GeneratingDocumentation.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
