<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="adding_local_field_definition">
	<title>Adding Local Field definition</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Add</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local field definition</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local ref</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>
			Local field definition are already imported from T24 environment into your models project. The domain model
			<filepath>Domain/localFieldDefinition/LocalFieldsDefinition</filepath>
			is open in the editor.
		</prereq>
		<context>This task describes how to add a local field in the easiest way.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Based on the type of field you want to create, select a similar attribute within the
					<varname>LocalFields</varname>
					class. There are three main categories of attributes identified by the base type:
				</cmd>
				<choices>
					<choice>Attribute based on business type: char type in T24.</choice>
					<choice>Association by reference pointing to a class: application Vet in T24.</choice>
					<choice>Attribute based on Enumeration: vetting table in T24</choice>
				</choices>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					right-click and apply
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select class
					<varname>LocalFields</varname>
					, right-click and apply
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>Paste.</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The attribute is copied into the class with annotations.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Set all new attribute's name, properties and annotations according to your needs.
					If the attribute requires a new
					enumeration (vetting
					table), create this enumeration in the
					<filepath>LocalFieldsEnumeration</filepath>
					domain model.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Set the SHORT.NAME in the English label of Translation tab in properties view.  
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			The local field definition is now created and ready for being deployed to T24 LOCAL table.
		</result>

	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../concepts/Class/LocalRef/LocalFieldDefinition.dita" />
		<link href="./ManagingLocalRef.dita" />
		<link href="../../references/T24attributeSpecification.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task> 

