<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="adding_local_ref_application">
	<title>Extending application with local field</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Add</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local ref application</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local field</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>
			Local field definition and loca ref have been already imported from T24 environment into your project.
			Your project
			contains:
			<ul>
				<li>
					Local field(s) you want to add to the application are
					available in the
					domain file:
					<filepath>LocalFieldsDefinition.domain</filepath>
					you can find in
					<filepath>Domain/localFieldDefinition</filepath>
				</li>
				<li>
					Domain model for extending your application with local field(s)
					named:
					<filepath>X_[ApplicationName]</filepath>
					can be found in:
					<filepath>[project-models]\domain\localRefApplication</filepath>
				</li>
			</ul>



		</prereq>
		<context>This task describes how to extend an application with local field definition.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Open domain
					<filepath>X_[ApplicationName]</filepath>
					in the editor.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the extension class, starting with
					<i>X_</i>
					and right-click.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> The element to add to the class depends on the field's multiplicity, e.g. single value
					or multi-value field.
				</cmd>
				<choices>
					<choice>
						For a single value field,
						<xref href="../ManagingClasses/creating_a_class_attribute.dita">Add an attribute to your class.</xref>
						Select the local field definition from the dialog box.
					</choice>
					<choice>
						For a multi-value field,
						<xref href="../ManagingClasses/creating_a_class_association.dita">Add an association to your domain.</xref>
						Set the association type by browsing for the
						<xref href="./CreatingMultiValueLocalRefField.dita">class grouping local field(s) definition.</xref>
					</choice>
				</choices>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			The local ref now extends the application, ready for being deployed to T24 LOCAL_REF table.
		</result>

	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../concepts/Class/LocalRef/LocalRef.dita" />
		<link href="./ManagingLocalRef.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task> 

