<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="importing_local_field_definition">
	<title>importing local field Definition</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>import</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local field</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq id="ImportModels">
			You need at least one T24 environment set in your
			<wintitle>Server</wintitle>
			view.
			<note>
				It is strongly advised to un-select the menu entry
				<menucascade>
					<uicontrol>Project</uicontrol>
					<uicontrol>Generate Automatically</uicontrol>
				</menucascade>
				from your workspace. With this selection, imported models are automatically deployed back to the T24 server.
			</note>
		</prereq>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Import </uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Design Studio - Local Field Definition.</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>T24 Local Field Definition import wizard is open.</stepresult>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the T24 server from the list and click
					<uicontrol>Next.</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>DS connects to the T24 server and retrieves all existing Local Fields.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on
					<uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					and select the DS project model where you want the local fields to be imported.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			The selected fields are imported in
			<filepath>Domain/localFieldDefinition</filepath>
			location.
			The import of local field definition creates two domain models.
			<ul>
				<li> LocalFieldsEnumeration: List of vetting tables transformed into domain enumeration during the introspection.
				</li>
				<li>
					LocalFieldsDefinition: domain model holding the class
					<varname>LocalFields</varname>
					where each attribute is a local field.
				</li>
				<li>
					All new T24
					char types found in the imported local fields are added as business types.
					It may then update the
					business types:
					<filepath>domain\businessTypes\BusinessTypes.domain</filepath>
				</li>
			</ul>
			Each import overrides completely the local fields domain models,
			even if only one local field definition is imported.
		</result>

	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../concepts/Class/LocalRef/LocalFieldDefinition.dita" />
		<link href="../../concepts/Class/LocalRef/LocalFields.dita" />
		<link href="../../concepts/BusinessType.dita" />
		<link href="./AddingLocalFieldDefinition.dita" />
		<link href="../../../Workbench/Task/Technical/ImportingInDebugMode.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task> 

