<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="importing_local_ref_application">
	<title>importing local ref application</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>import</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local ref application</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq conref="./ImportingLocalFieldDefinition.dita#importing_local_field_definition/ImportModels" />
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Import </uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Design Studio - Import T24 Localref applications.</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>T24 Local ref application import wizard is open.</stepresult>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the T24 server from the list and click
					<uicontrol>Next.</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>DS connects to the T24 server and retrieves all existing extension of applications with local ref.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the Local ref application(s) you want to import. For a global selection, click on the
					<uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
					button. You can filter the selection by local ref application name.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					and select the DS project model where you want the local fields to be imported.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			The selected fields are imported in
			<filepath>Domain/localRefApplication</filepath>
			location.
			The import of local ref application creates one domain model per extended application named like:
			<filepath>X_[ApplicationName]</filepath>
			. Each multi-value group becomes a separate class in the same domain file.
			This class is referenced by
			<filepath>X_[ApplicationName]</filepath>
			one with multiplicity many.
			Each import completely overrides
			existing domain model.
		</result>

	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../concepts/Class/LocalRef/LocalRefApplication.dita" />
		<link href="./ManagingLocalRef.dita" />
		<link href="../../../Workbench/Task/Technical/ImportingInDebugMode.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task> 

