<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-10-02-09--13-24-00">
  <title>Replacing model file with local history</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>replace with local history</indexterm>
        <indexterm>local history (replace)</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context> Each time you save changes to a model file on your workspace, the Design Studio (DS) application maintains a copy. This lets you to replace the model file that you are working on with its previous versions. </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the DS Navigator view pane, right-click on the file that you want to replace with itself. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Select <uicontrol>Replace With Local History</uicontrol> . </cmd>
        <stepresult>The <wintitle>Replace From Local History</wintitle> window is displayed with three separate panels: Local History panel, Structural Differences panel, and Visualization of Structural Differences panel. The Local History panel lets you select previous versions of the model file. These versions are saved and organized by date and time. One version is created each time the file is saved. The Structural panel lets you to browse the changes that were made to the model file. When you click on a change, the Visualization of Structural Differences panel highlights the change in both active model (on the left) and versioned model (on the right).</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./CompareModels/CompareWithLocalHistory.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
