<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="Task-31-05-2011--11-22-18">
  <title>Setting a search field widget</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>auto-complete design</indexterm>
        <indexterm>search</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq> These steps assume that a module or fragment is open in the editor. </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step id="DropSearchWidget">
        <cmd> Drop a search field widget into the editor. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="SetProperties">
        <cmd> In the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view, set the <uicontrol>Domain Attribute</uicontrol> and the <uicontrol>Search Type</uicontrol>. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="SimplifiedEvent">
        <cmd> Set first a <uicontrol>Simplified Event</uicontrol> with a relevant transition id. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="AdvancedEvent">
        <cmd> Switch then to <uicontrol>Advanced Event</uicontrol></cmd>
        <info>This simplifies the setting of properties. The transition id can be found in the param property value.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="SearchEvent">
        <cmd> Change the <uicontrol>Event Type</uicontrol> from <uicontrol>on-click</uicontrol> to <uicontrol>search</uicontrol> . </cmd>
        <info>The event type &quot;search&quot; generates three different events covering the whole user experience required for search field input.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Extend the param property value with <i>flow-change="Name of Transition"</i> 
        if you want the end-user selection of item in auto-complete drop down list triggering specific transition, for instance for reevaluating default values. 
        Example: <i>param=flow-action="search";flow-change="contextReload"</i>  
        </cmd>
        <info>The pageflow follows transition id set in the step 3. when end-user clicks on magnifier or enter string and hits enter key, two out of the three events for a search. 
        Default value for change event (third event when picking-up item) transition id is "reload". </info>
      </step>
      <step id="SearchTabEvent">
        <cmd> If the <uicontrol>Search Type</uicontrol> property is set to <uicontrol>Auto-complete only</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Auto-complete or Search</uicontrol>, set the information in the <wintitle>Auto-complete</wintitle> tab. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="WidgetGroupSetting">
        <cmd> Set the <uicontrol>Widget Group</uicontrol> value. </cmd>
        <info>
          <p>
      Information about the
      <codeph>Widget Group</codeph>
      property:
     </p>
          <p conref="../../Reference/Editable/SearchProperties.dita#Reference-01-04-2008--11-16-00/p-SearchFieldwidgetGroup"/>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Concept/Module.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Concept/Special/AutoCompleteDesign.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Reference/Special/AutoCompleteDesignProperties.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
