<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-26-05-2008--12-46-27">
  <title>Diagram menu bar</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>diagram menu bar</indexterm>
        <indexterm>page flow diagram menu bar</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody id="conbody-26-05-2008--12-46-27">
    <p>When
    you are editing a pageflow or a workflow diagram, the menu name <uicontrol>Diagram</uicontrol> can be found in the menu bar. The Diagram menu name provides a drop-down list to access different functions
and features.
These functions
    and features  are enabled or disabled depending on the
    tasks you are performing.</p>
    <p>The drop-down list in the Diagram menu contains:</p>
    <simpletable id="simpletable_5D64A8D49DD54696AF11126DF1F612F0">
      <sthead>
        <stentry>Function/Feature</stentry>
        <stentry>Description</stentry>
      </sthead>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Font</stentry>
        <stentry>Sets the type, face, style, size, and color of the text for States and Transitions that you selected.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Fill Color</stentry>
        <stentry>Sets the color for View and Sub-page flow States that you selected.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Line Color</stentry>
        <stentry>Sets the line color for View and Sub-pageflow States that you selected.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Line Style</stentry>
        <stentry>Sets the line style for Transitions that you selected.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Select All</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you: <ul id="ul_3F33D9E4B9CF4A769D8FCBD165B45B5F">
            <li id="li_FFE1DEC109E34B6B8D31D1E8F310B3C1">Highlight all items in the active diagram.</li>
            <li id="li_3324DC31CA1644F48D404B9EF7E010CD">Highlight all shapes in the active diagram.</li>
            <li id="li_EB95B9EC2E3A4265A9BFE338F9D64CA1">Highlight all connectors in the active diagram.</li>
          </ul></stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Arrange All</stentry>
        <stentry>Arranges items in the active diagram into a proper layout.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Align</stentry>
        <stentry>Aligns a group of selected items.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Order</stentry>
        <stentry>Lets you order the display of States when overlapping occurs.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Auto Size</stentry>
        <stentry>Resizes the selected States to the default size.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Make Same Size</stentry>
        <stentry>Resizes the States that you selected to the same size as the last State (known as the reference state) that you selected.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>View</stentry>
        <stentry>Displays grid lines, rulers, or page breaks in the active diagram that is displayed in the Editor area. If grid lines are displayed, the Snap to Grid option lets you align the placement of elements to the vertical and horizontal grid lines.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Zoom</stentry>
        <stentry>Changes the displayed size of the active diagram in the Editor area.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Apply/Appearance Properties</stentry>
        <stentry>Copies the appearance properties of the first selected item in the active diagram to other items in the diagram.</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry>Validate</stentry>
        <stentry>Updates the information in the Problems view pane when the information does not automatically reflect the changes that were made to the diagram. This function forces the run of the validation process, which updates the Problem view pane.</stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./DiagramToolbar.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Diagram toolbar?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</concept>
