<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-08-04-2008--12-29-24">
  <title>Sub-pageflows States</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>sub-pageflow state</indexterm>
        <indexterm>pageflow sub-pageflow state</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>A Sub-pageflow State widget represents a subtask of the business activity that
    will be realized in the pageflow. A pageflow becomes a sub-pageflow when
    it is reused by another pageflow therefore, a Sub-pageflow State always
    has a reference to a pageflow. The referenced pageflow must belong to a project in a Design Studio
    (DS) workspace. During the execution, the sub-pageflows are linked to the
    main pageflow and together, act like a single flow.</p>
    <p>Sub-pageflows can be used to abstract the details of a business
    activity, which will enhance their re-usability and save development and
    maintenance efforts. They should be autonomous and be able to receive parameters when started to facilitate their integration into other pageflows.
    For example, the construction of a financial domain can be detailed in its own dedicated pageflow, which can
    then be re-used in other pageflows calling financial functions on this domain as a sub-pageflow.
    Sub-pageflow States can also be used to break up the complexity of a large
    and difficult to understand pageflow into more accessible smaller sub-pageflows.</p>
    <p/>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Task/UsingPaletteMenu/AddSubPageflow.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Adding Sub-pageflow States?>    </link>
    <link href="../Reference/SubPageflowProperties.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Sub-pageflow State properties?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</concept>
