<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-01-11-2011--09-55-00">
  <title>Triple&apos;A Plus Core user-defined entities</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Triple A User-defined Entities UDE</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>A
   Triple&apos;A Plus Core user-defined entity (UDE) provides an extension of the Triple&apos;A Plus Core standard data
   model
   with a new entity.
   It supports associations
   with standard entities or other UDEs.

   Triple&apos;A Plus Core treats
   these custom
   entities like the standard ones. This
   includes:
   <ul>
        <li>Administration in the GUI.</li>
        <li>Data importation through Triple&apos;A Plus Core interface processing.</li>
        <li>Back-end services accessed from the WUI.</li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <p>
   Design Studio is the user interface for designing UDEs. Specific domain models provide accurate support and
   validation
   for
   creating
   UDEs. This domain model for UDEs can contain classes and enumerations. Classes for UDEs support the following
   types of
   associations:
   <ul>
        <li>Foreign key: Association by reference with multiplicity One. Example can be found in Triple&apos;A Plus standard packaging: a portfolio entity referencing currency entity. </li>
        <li>Composition: Reverse association with multiplicity Many created from association by reference with cardinality one. Example can be found in Triple&apos;A Plus standard packaging: a list entity referencing list_compo entity where list_compo has an association by reference One with a reverse Many. A limitation in the current release does not allow the reverse association to point to Triple&apos;A Plus standard entities. </li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <p>After the design is finalized, generating the code will create a command file to be run on the Triple&apos;A Plus
   Core
   database.
  </p>
    <p>These entities are filtered when importing the Triple&apos;A Plus Core meta-dictionary, which will avoid duplicate
   definitions
   of these
   entities.
  </p>
    <note>The current release presents some limitations. Before designing UDEs, consult the list of known limitations in section <xref href="../../references/TripleAUDEKnownLimitations.dita" audience="../../references/TripleAUDEKnownLimitations.dita">User-defined Entities - Known limitations</xref>.</note>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../tasks/ManagingTripleADomains/ManagingUdEntities.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../DomainDesigner/tasks/GeneratingDomainArtifacts/ExportingUDEntities.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../DomainDesigner/references/TripleAUDEspecification.dita"/>
    <link href="../../../DomainDesigner/references/TripleAUDEKnownLimitations.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
