<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-02-09-2014--13-35-00">
	<title>Source management control</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>source control management</indexterm>
				<indexterm>SVN</indexterm>
			</keywords>

		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>Usage of a source control management (SCM) system is highly recommended for collaborative configuration and
			customization in an implementation team.
		</p>
		<p>
			Design Studio includes a Subversion (SVN) client, allowing the typical check-out and check-in team operations to a
			central
			Subversion server. Such an SVN server must be set up separately beforehand, and is not part of the T24
			solution.
		</p>
		<p>
			Multi-user collaboration on Design Studio projects is, normally, based on the typical SVN no-locks paradigm. Models
			are
			text-based and the standard SVN features for automatic merges or manual conflict resolution (if needed) are used.
			The manual installation and use of other Eclipse Team Providers, for connecting to other source control management
			systems than SVN, is not supported.
		</p>
		<p>
			You typically only commit into SVN source files and folders that are part of a development project structure, and
			not
			any "built" artefacts, such as *.xml files. would be included in the source control management
			system, only the
			empty folders and the root pom.xml of the *-models-gen projects should be committed to SVN.
			Committing generated
			artefacts (Java and XML configuration files) is not recommended, and should be avoided by
			setting up the svn:ignore
			property correctly
		</p>
		<p>Data, screens and enquiries definition are table records in T24 that cannot be managed by source control
			management.
			Design Studio, by importing them into projects, transforms each record into a file that can be part of source control
			management repository.
		</p>
		<p>Basic code are files that can be directly pushed to a SCM repository.
			If you want to manage all your basic code in SCM, you can directly copy and paste all files in your project and pushed
			into SCM repository.
		</p>
	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Task/WorkingWithSVN/WorkingWithSVN.dita" />
	</related-links>
</concept>
