<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-20-02-2010--15-27-53">
  <title>Starting/stopping Triple&apos;A Plus server</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>start stop Triple&apos;A Plus server</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>Triple&apos;A Plus must be already installed on your machine.</prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>To start the Triple&apos;A Plus server, right-click the line <uicontrol>Embedded Server ([server name]) on [port number]</uicontrol> in the <wintitle>Server</wintitle> view pane and choose <uicontrol>Start.</uicontrol></cmd>
        <stepresult>A <i>cmd</i> window is opened, which is the output of the application server. The server is up when the message <systemoutput>Server started in RUNNING mode</systemoutput> is displayed in the window. This can take several minutes.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>After the message <systemoutput>Server started in RUNNING mode</systemoutput> is displayed in the window, log on to your local machine. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Start your browser and enter the URL according to your installation. For example, <userinput>http://localhost:15000/wui/activity</userinput>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>To stop the Triple&apos;A Plus server, right-click the line <uicontrol>Embedded Server ([server name]) on [port number]</uicontrol> in the <wintitle>Server</wintitle> view pane and choose <uicontrol>Stop.</uicontrol></cmd>
        <stepresult>The server is stopped and the <i>cmd</i> window is closed. </stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>If the server has been stopped outside of Design Studio, the interface continues to display a running status. To continue, stop it using the Server view pane and the start entry becomes available again. </postreq>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Concept/DeployApplication.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Deploying Application?>    </link>
    <link href="../../Concept/ViewPanes/ServerViewPane.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Server View?>    </link>
    <link href="./SettingOCSServerPreferences.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Triple'A Plus runtime preferences?>    </link>
    <link href="./Adding-RemovingProjects.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Adding/Removing projects?>    </link>
    <link href="./ShortcutForDeployingSingleModel.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Single model deployment shortcut?>    </link>
    <link href="../../Task/DeployingApplication\SettingWUIDebugMode.dita">
<?xm-replace_text WUI Debug mode?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</task>
