<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-05-05-2010--11-12-13">
  <title>Dataset dedicated to input search</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Ceaver</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>dataset search</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Datasets dedicated to input search  contain the list of attributes to be presented in the search input.
   Each
   attribute
   becomes a possible
   criteria in the drop-down list, proposed in the generated page.

   Attributes are displayed in a specific order that relies on an annotation; see section 
   <xref href="../../references/QueryBuilderAnnotation.dita"/>.</p>
    <p> 
   These datasets must respect certain design rules:<ul>
        <li>Dataset must be based on the entity to be searched. For instance, a dataset based on entity <codeph>Instrument</codeph> can be used in the instrument search only. </li>
        <li>No association can be mapped on a search dataset, only attributes. </li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <p>
   Several datasets for search can be created on the same based entity.
   For instance, you can specialize the search on
   instrument nature by creating several datasets, one by nature or group of nature.
  </p>
    <p>
   You can extend such datasets with calculated attributes. You need then to create a special
   annotation 
   on this attribute.
   This annotation contains the code interpreted at runtime and transformed into SQL
   request.
  </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../domain_model.dita"/>
    <link href="../Class/domain_class.dita"/>
    <link href="../domain_model.dita"/>
    <link href="./DatasetDedicatedToOutputSearch.dita"/>
    <link href="./dataset_mapped_property.dita"/>
    <link href="./dataset_derived_property.dita"/>
    <link href="../DomainElementTranslation.dita"/>
    <link href="../../references/domain_dataset_specification.dita"/>
    <link href="../../references/Annotation_property_specification.dita"/>
    <link href="../../tasks/ManagingDatasets/creating_a_dataset.dita"/>
    <link href="../../tasks/ManagingAnnotations/CreatingAnnotation.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
