<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="installing_design_studio">
	<title>installing Design Studio</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>project (create)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Install Design Studio by extracting the DesignStudio-*.zip on your local drive. Always install DS on an empty
					folder, even when upgrading to a
					newer release.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Start Design Studio by clicking the Design Studio .exe file in the location you selected during the unzip
					action.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The Workspace Launcher dialog box appears.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select any new empty local directory. This is the directory where the modified models will be saved. Always
					choose a directory that is separated from the installation folder. This will protect your work when installing new
					DS version.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					If you will be working on the same workspace, select the Use this as the default and do not ask again option.
					Multiple separate workspaces can be used too, for example, work on different implementation projects in parallel.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>OK.</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>Design Studio is open on your workspace. This workspace is empty the first time you launch the application.
		</result>
		<postreq>
			<note>If you need to later reinstall the software, you are strongly advised to redo the complete installation process
				as described above in an empty local folder. </note>
		</postreq>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Concept/Projects.dita" />
		<link href="../Technical/DeclaringProjectDependencies.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
