<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="reference-19-02-2008--12-59-07">
  <title>Pageflow properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>page flow properties</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <b>General</b>
      <simpletable relcolwidth="3* 3* 4* 10* 5* 10*">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Name</stentry>
          <stentry>string</stentry>
          <stentry>yes</stentry>
          <stentry>Name displayed in the diagram.</stentry>
          <stentry>“My Name”</stentry>
          <stentry>“Edit CR”</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>string</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry>Business description of the pageflow used for documenting the pageflow. It should describe:<ul>
              <li>the pageflow business activity objectives.</li>
              <li>the places from where the pageflow can be called (e.g., menu, workflow, other pageflow).</li>
              <li>the main entities that are accessed and/or changed during the pageflow.</li>
              <li>the minimal security rights or other conditions required by the pageflow to proceed.</li>
              <li>if necessary, the properties used across the pageflow or the request parameters expected when starting it.</li>
            </ul></stentry>
          <stentry>none</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <ul>
              <li>&quot;Pageflow objective&quot; shows parameters for launching the rebalancing financial function and if succeeded, calls the order session pageflow. </li>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <li>&quot;Specifications&quot; start by displaying the Rebalancing parameters. When the user clicks the <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> button, the rebalancing pageflow is launched. If errors are encountered, a page displays them and the user can re-enter the parameters or exit the pageflow. This pageflow can be called from the Rebalancing menu item once a portfolio code has been entered in the <userinput>Quick Search</userinput> field. </li>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <li>&quot;Entities&quot; is the domain for the rebalancing function. </li>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <li>&quot;Condition&quot; indicates that a portfolio must have been previously entered. The user must have access rights to this portfolio.</li>
            </ul>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section audience="programmer">
      <b>Technical</b>
      <simpletable relcolwidth="3* 3* 4* 10* 5* 10*">
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default Value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Error view URL</stentry>
          <stentry>string</stentry>
          <stentry>yes</stentry>
          <stentry>URI to reference if fatal error occurs during the pageflow execution (required).</stentry>
          <stentry>none</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <userinput>/page/common/OneModule?module=general/PageflowErrorModule </userinput>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Target File Name</stentry>
          <stentry>string</stentry>
          <stentry>yes</stentry>
          <stentry>Physical name of the file where the pageflow is stored during generation. No file extension required (e.g., “.xml”).</stentry>
          <stentry>New pageflow: <i>packageLocation</i> -pageflow- <i>fileName</i> Imported pageflow: the imported file name is set there. This information will be used at generation time, providing the same physical file name for backward compatibility</stentry>
          <stentry>csh-pageflow-cashsweep</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>string</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry>Technical description of the pageflow used for documenting the pageflow. It should <ul>
              <li>describe the pageflow scope management.</li>
              <li>list all entities that are accessed and/or changed during the pageflow.</li>
            </ul></stentry>
          <stentry>none</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <ul>
              <li>&quot;Pageflow scope&quot; shares the PMA WUI activity scope. </li>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <li>&quot;Entities&quot; is the domain for the rebalancing function. </li>
            </ul>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Properties</stentry>
          <stentry>string</stentry>
          <stentry>no</stentry>
          <stentry>Information to be exposed to the pageflow actors with their name(s) and value(s). Be aware that when a pageflow is used as a sub-pageflow, the value of its property is always overridden by the parent pageflow value, if it provides a property with the same name. When a parent pageflow does not provide a value for a property declared by, at least, two of its sub-pageflows (direct or indirect) with different values, a validation error occurs as the parent pageflow must decide on a single value to be used across the whole resulting pageflow.</stentry>
          <stentry>none</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <userinput>valueObjectScopeKey=“pma.order.vo” </userinput>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/Pageflow.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/CreatingPageflowFile.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/ImportOCSPageflowFile.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
