<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="reference-08-04-2008--12-30-47">
	<title>Transition properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>transition properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<simpletable relcolwidth="3* 3* 4* 10* 5* 10*">
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
					<stentry>Example</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Name</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>yes</stentry>
					<stentry>Name displayed in the diagram.</stentry>
					<stentry>Transition (n)</stentry>
					<stentry>“Cancel” or “Rebalancing Succeeded”</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>To be replayed</stentry>
					<stentry>Boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>yes</stentry>
					<stentry>It allows a user to configure if a transition can be replayed or not, when using the Back
						button.
						For example a transition deleting a line in a list cannot be replayed, but a transition executing a search can.
					</stentry>
					<stentry>true</stentry>
					<stentry>false</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>no</stentry>
					<stentry>
						Business description of the Transition used for documenting the pageflow. It should describe:
						<ul>
							<li>aim of the condition.</li>
							<li>possible outgoing branches (alternative flows) and the steps that follow.</li>
						</ul>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>none</stentry>
					<stentry>
						Triggered by the
						<uicontrol>Start</uicontrol>
						button. Calls the compliance checking service for order session validation.
					</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section audience="programmer">
			<b>Technical</b>
			<simpletable relcolwidth="3* 3* 4* 10* 5* 10*">
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
					<stentry>Example</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ID</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>yes</stentry>
					<stentry>Technical identifier. If the Transition originates from a Decision State, this ID must match one of the
						values returned by the action called by the Decision State.
					</stentry>
					<stentry>transitionN</stentry>
					<stentry>“Cancel”</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>no</stentry>
					<stentry>Technical description of the Transition used for documenting the pageflow. It should list the actions
						called on the Transition with a brief description.
					</stentry>
					<stentry>none</stentry>
					<stentry>Calls the actions that saves the parameters.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section audience="programmer">
			<b>Action</b>
			<simpletable relcolwidth="3* 3* 4* 10* 2* 10*">
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
					<stentry>Example</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Validation</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>yes</stentry>
					<stentry>Describes
						whether the action is based on a &quot;validation&quot; or on an &quot;execution&quot; pageflow action class.
						Other properties entered during an action creation derive from this Boolean:
						<ul>
							<li>
								It filters the actions from the
								<uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol>
								button in the dialog box depending on whether we are looking for a validation or an execution action class.
							</li>
							<li>If a validation action fails, the pageflow always steps backward.</li>
						</ul>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>no</stentry>
					<stentry>-</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Name</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>yes</stentry>
					<stentry>References the class or service to be called.</stentry>
					<stentry>none</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<userinput>UpdateCashSweepParamsPageflowAction</userinput>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>URI</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>yes</stentry>
					<stentry>Identifier of the class or service to be called.</stentry>
					<stentry>none</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<userinput> class:com.odcgroup.wui.module.cashmgt.UpdateCashSweepParamsPageflowAction </userinput>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>no</stentry>
					<stentry>
						Description of the called action used for documenting the pageflow. It should:
						<ul>
							<li>describe briefly in a sentence the task that the action realizes.</li>
							<li>explain the meaning of the action properties.</li>
						</ul>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>none</stentry>
					<stentry>
						This action updates the parameters.
						<p>Properties: the parameters key in the scope is required.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Properties</stentry>
					<stentry>string</stentry>
					<stentry>no</stentry>
					<stentry>Information to be exposed to the action with their name(s) and value(s).</stentry>
					<stentry>none</stentry>
					<stentry>
						Name:
						<userinput>cashSweepParamsKey</userinput>
						Value:
						<userinput>pm.cashmgt.cashSweepParams</userinput>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>If error is reported?</stentry>
					<stentry>Enumeration</stentry>
					<stentry>yes</stentry>
					<stentry>Describes
						the pageflow engine&apos;s behaviour in the event that an error or a new warning is reported by an execution
						action (not applicable for validation actions).
						<ul>
							<li>
								<uicontrol>go back to previous state</uicontrol>
								: Interrupts the transition execution and steps backward in the pageflow. Errors and warnings will be displayed
								on the resulting page.
							</li>
							<li>
								<uicontrol>continue</uicontrol>
								: Lets the transition continue normally but if a validation action follows, it will consider these errors or
								warnings.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>none</stentry>
					<stentry>Continue</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Task/UsingPaletteMenu/AddTransition.dita" />
		<link href="../Concept/Transition.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
