<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_3_0_fr20">
  <title>FR 20: Page Designer Matrix Widget</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>
				Requirement: "Implementation of Matrix Widget in Page Designer"
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/5.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS5.0-PageDesignerMatrix.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS5.0-PageDesignerMatrix.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-1874" scope="external">DS-1874</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
			<ol>
					<li><b>Meta-model Changes</b>
						<ul>
							<li>
								Included new widget types for Matrix and its contents (MatrixAxis, MatrixCell, MatrixCellItem, MatrixContentCellItem, MatrixExtraColumnItem, MatrixContentCell, MatrixExtraColumn, MatrixExtra)
								and the respective property types as required in the xgui-widget-library.metamodel.  Also included are the widget templates for the same.  Java interfaces and the implementations representing these 
								widgets are created.  Utility and helper classes are created to access these model elements.
							</li>
							<li>								
								Accountability rules for the WidgetType "Matrix", "MatrixContentCell", "MatrixContentCellItem" and "MatrixExtraColumnItem" are defined 
								in the file page-designer.metamodel under the entry "Accountability" node.
							</li>
							<li>								
								Snippet types CssClass, ConditionalCssClass and MatrixSort required by Matrix widget are defined in the page-designer.metamodel under snippets node.  
								New data types MatrixAxis, MatrixCellType, CssClassType, MatrixAggregationType, MatrixCellItemType etc are defined in the data-types.metamodel
							</li>
							<li>								
								page-designer.uimodel is updated to include palette entries for MatrixWidget and also the contextual menu entries for MatrixContentCell
							</li>
							<li>
								A generic widget transformer (<i>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.matrix.MatrixWidgetTransformer</i>) is defined in the page-designer.transformmodel is defined
								that takes care of transforming the matrix widget and its contents.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					
					<li><b>UI Changes</b>
					<ul>
						<li>Figure classes were created for Matrix Widget and each of its contents which are found in <i>com.odcgroup.page.ui.figure.matrix</i> package of the <b>com.odcgroup.page.ui</b> plugin.
							Specific BoxType and Layout classes are created in the same package.  The MatrixLayout class takes care of the Matrix content positioning and alignment.
						</li>
						<li>All the transactional commands specific to Matrix and its contents are created under <i>com.odcgroup.page.ui.command.matrix</i> package.
						</li>
						<li>
							New property sections and the requisite dialog controls for the Matrix and its contents are created under <i>com.odcgroup.page.ui.properties.sections.matrix</i>
						</li>
					</ul></li>
					
					<li><b>Transformation</b>
					<ul>
						<li><i>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.matrix.MatrixWidgetTransformer</i> class takes care of the transformation of the Matrix widget and its constituent widgets,
						events, snippets etc.
						</li>
					</ul></li>
					
					<li><b>Validation</b>
					<ul>
						<li>All the matrix specific constraints and validation checks were implemented in the PageWidgetValidator class found in the <b>com.odcgroup.page.validation</b> plugin
						</li>
					</ul></li>
					
					<li><b>Unit Tests</b>
					<ul>
						<li>Junit tests specific to Matrix and its content widgets are created in the <b>com.odcgroup.page.ui.tests</b> plugin.  Also end-2-end tests specific to Matrix widget
						are also created under "dsref-wuiapp" plugin.
						</li>
					</ul></li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
