<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-19-02-2008--12-54-01">
  <title>Importing or referencing existing projects</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>project (import / reference)</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>If you want to use an existing Design Studio (DS) project that was created by another user, you can import or reference the DS project into your workspace. Importing means that the project will be copied into your workspace. To use a working copy of the DS project outside of your workspace, you can simply reference (not import) the DS project. </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> On the menu bar, click <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Import Projects...</uicontrol>
          </menucascade> . </cmd>
        <stepresult>The <wintitle>Import Projects</wintitle> dialog box is displayed.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click the radio button for <b>Select Root Directory</b> . </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <b>Browse</b> to find the workspace of the DS projects that you want to import or reference. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Double-click on the name of the workspace where the DS projects are located. </cmd>
        <stepresult>The <wintitle>Import</wintitle> dialog box is displayed with a list of DS projects located on the selected workspace.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Do one of the following:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice> To import the projects, select the projects and check the checkbox next to “Copy projects into workspace”. </choice>
          <choice> To reference the projects, select the projects and uncheck the checkbox next to “Copy projects into workspace”. </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <b>Finish</b>. </cmd>
        <stepresult>The selected projects are added to the DS Navigator view pane.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Concept/Projects.dita"/>
    <link href="./ImportingDSProjectModels.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
