<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_3_sr3">
  <title>SR 3: Some usability issues: Provide contextual help</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>
				Help buttons in various places that offer shortcuts to 
				the online Help
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/1.40.0/03.%20Construction%20%28Design%29/FDS_DS1.40-ContextualHelp.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS1.40-ContextualHelp.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-2507" scope="external">DS-2507</xref>,
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-1930" scope="external">DS-1930</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Technical considerations
						<ul>
							<li>
								The dsuserguide plugin holds a DSContextHelp.xml file which defines the links between context ids 
								and references the Design Studio help. This new behavior is configured by using the 
								org.eclipse.help.contexts extension point.
							</li>
							<li>
								Having the Preferences > Help > Open window context help in an infopop and Open dialog context help
								in a infopop avoid to open the help at the right side of the current window. This is required because the
								Design Studio help is not suited to be displayed in a narrow space.
							</li>
							<li>
								Since eclipse 3.4, having an empty context description trigger the help page directly without requiring 
								a new click in an infopop displayed or a help aside of the current window.
							</li>
							<li>
								Various technical and practical considerations about how to implement the help in Eclipse have been 
								gathered in 
								<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-1930" scope="external">DS-1930</xref>
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Pop-up (icon button)
						<ul>
							<li>
								Wizards, such as New Design Studio Model Project, have their help linked to the Design Studio help. This is 
								done by setting the context id to the appropriate SWT control.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>Properties (icon button)
						<ul>
							<li>
								Properties are used with several editors, and have now a dedicated icon their action bar. The action 
								triggered by clicking on this icon simply display the help related the the properties viewed.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>F1 shortcut
						<ul>
							<li>
								The default behavior Eclipse is to trigger the help by F1. To select the appropriate help, Eclipse 
								uses the first context id found in the SWT hierarchy of the control that received the F1 key event.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
