<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_4_0_fds_cr001a">
  <title>CR001a: Replace Odyssey Branding with Temenos Branding</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>
				Replace or update existing images, texts, user interfaces, documentation that contains references to Odyssey with
				Temenos branding
			</p>
		</section>
 		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/triplea_plus/R11/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/TECHNOLOGY/DS/FDS_DSR11_CR001a_Design_Studio_Branding.doc" scope="external">FDS_DSR11_CR001a_Design_Studio_Branding.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-4346" scope="external">DS-4346</xref> and its sub-tasks
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
			<ol>
					<li><b>DITA Documentation</b>
						<p>Update manually all file (*.dita, *.ditamap,...) that contains a reference to Odyssey 
						(plain word, acronym, etc.)	by a Temenos equivalent terminology. </p>
						<p>A tool similar tool to <i>grep</i>will be your best friend</p> 
					</li>
					<li><b>Application Messages</b>
						<p>Update manually all messages produced by Design Studio and Tests. This concerns all messages
						displayed in dialogs, console, views, etc.) As DITA Documentation, 
						all source files (*.java *.properties, *.xml, etc.) that contains a reference to Odyssey 
						(plain word, acronym, etc.)	by a Temenos equivalent terminology.</p>
						<p>A tool similar to <i>grep</i>will also be your best friend</p>
					</li>
					<li><b>Logo and Images</b>
						<p>Replace all <i>Odyssey</i> images by a <i>Temenos</i>equivalent images. 
						according to the FDS.</p>
						<p>Eventually adapt all the container that displayed these new images. For instance the
						splash screen the About Box, dialogs...). Note that the images <i>Odyssey Rings</i> that 
						overlap some images (Navigator for ex), are kept and not replaced/removed.</p>
						<p>Here also a tool similar<i>File search</i> and any Image Editor will 
						your best friends</p>
					</li>
					<li><b>Manifest File</b>
						<p>The files MANIFEST.MF will not be updated. We keep the reference to 
						<i>Odyssey Financial Technologies</i></p>
					</li>
					<li><b>CheckStyle configuration</b>
						<p>Do not update CheckStyle configuration files because there exist other products
						that use these files</p>
					</li>
					<li><b>Migrations</b>
						<p>None.</p>
					</li>
					<li><b>Tools</b>
						<p>The tool SnagIt can also be used to convert images to other format if necessary. SnagIt
						offer also a small image editor</p>
						<p>The excellent free tool IcoFX (http://icofx.ro/index.html) can be used to build the special
						file ofs.ico that is composed of several icons. This file is used by windows to display
						the correct icon, for instance in the task bar, the windows application selector, 
						or in the file explorer.</p>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
