<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-07-05-2008--14-58-55">
  <title>Tabbed Pane</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>tabbed pane</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>
   A <term>tabbed pane</term> is a container for a series of tabs. It can be static or dynamic.
   <ul>
        <li>Static tab: This tab remains present at runtime even if there is no data to display for the tab. No filter applies on this type of tab. </li>
        <li>Dynamic tab: The term &quot;dynamic&quot; reflects the fact that some of the declared tabs might not be displayed at runtime and is removed when empty. All tabs must be designed in the tabbed pane and a dynamic tabbed pane requires a dataset attribute for filtering data. For performance reasons, only one attribute can be used as the filter. When loading the page, all filters of the tabs are then resolved in one single SQL request. The tab is removed at runtime when the filter returns no data. Dynamic tabbed pane must have its left tab declared &quot;static&quot; while its other tabs can be declared &quot;dynamic&quot;. A dynamic tabbed pane must be declared in a module of type <term>container.</term></li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <p>  The runtime behaviour of a tabbed pane differs depending on the module
   containment property:
   <ul>
        <li>Stand-alone: The page is not reloaded when the user changes the selected tab. This typically takes place in forms presenting large dataset attributes that are categorized in multiple tabs. One single dataset of the module is then used across all tabs. The dataset is loaded from the back-end when the first tab is displayed, so all required data are available on the page. A <term>click-on</term> tab displays its content with no delay. For tabbed pane displaying matrices and tables on each tab, the <term>stand-alone</term> value is not accurate because it loads many data that remains hidden by default. A module supports stand-alone containment until a certain page size is reached. This limit cannot be detected at design time. Error occurs at runtime only. When the limit size is passed, you need to change the containment to <term>Container</term> and move some model parts into separate module(s) to include in the original module. </li>
        <li>Container: The page is reloaded when the user changes the selected tab. The event on each tab that calls the reload is automatically generated by Design Studio. It refers to a pageflow transition &quot;reload&quot; that you must declare on the pageflow View state. Events designed on tabs override the default one, unless the tabbed pane is dynamic. In this case, the designed event is ignored when generating the code. </li>
      </ul>
  </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Concept/Module.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Reference/Panels/TabbedPaneProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Reference/ModuleProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Task/UsingThePaletteMenu/AddingTabbedPane.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Task/UsingThePaletteMenu/OverwriteTabEvent.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
