<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-19-02-2008--12-52-02">
  <title>Deleting projects</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>project (delete)</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>A Design Studio (DS) Workbench project can be deleted with or without its associated resources. In the latter case, the project’s resources remain stored in the file system, which allows you to undo immediately a deletion that was done in error. If, however, a DS project was deleted with its associated resources (files and folders), the project and its contents can only be retrieved if the DS Workbench application is integrated with the client’s source management system (for example, Subversion (SVN)). </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <wintitle>Project Explorer</wintitle> view pane, right-click on the project you want to delete. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <b>Delete</b>. </cmd>
        <stepresult> The <wintitle>Confirm Project Delete</wintitle> dialog box is displayed. </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Do one of the following:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice> If you want to delete the project and its associated content, check <userinput>Delete project contents on disk (cannot be undone)</userinput> . The project is removed from the Project Explorer view pane and its contents are removed from the file system. </choice>
          <choice> If you want to delete the project only (without deleting its contents), leave the check box <userinput>Delete project contents on disk (cannot be undone)</userinput> unchecked. The project is removed from the Project Explorer view pane but its contents remain on the file system, which permits the project to be re-imported. </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the deletion. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>(Optional) Do one of the following to undo the deletion:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice> If you deleted the project without deleting its resources, press <uicontrol>Ctrl + Z</uicontrol> to undo the deletion. Alternatively, on the menu bar, click <menucascade>
              <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>
              <uicontrol>Undo</uicontrol>
            </menucascade> . </choice>
          <choice> If you deleted the project and its resources, use the client’s version control software to retrieve the project’s previous version. </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Concept/Projects.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Projects?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</task>
