<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-19-02-2008--12-54-01">
	<title>Importing or referencing existing projects</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>project (import / reference)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>If you want to use an existing Design Studio (DS) project that was created by another user, you can import or
			reference the DS project into your workspace. Importing means that the project will be copied into your workspace. To
			use a working copy of the DS project outside of your workspace, you can simply reference (not import) the DS project.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					On the menu bar, click
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Import Projects...</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
					.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<wintitle>Import Projects</wintitle>
					dialog box is displayed.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click the radio button:
				</cmd>
				<choices>
					<choice>
						Select archive file: if your project is compressed in a file (zip/tar).
					</choice>
					<choice>
						Select root directory: if your project is in a folder.
					</choice>
				</choices>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<b>Browse</b>
					to find the workspace of the DS projects that you want to import or reference.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Double-click on the name of the workspace where the DS projects are located. </cmd>
				<stepresult>
					If you have selected an archive file or workspace containing an entire Eclipse project, the project name will appear
					in the box below, already checked.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Do one of the following:</cmd>
				<choices>
					<choice> To import the projects, select the projects and check the checkbox next to “Copy projects into workspace”.
					</choice>
					<choice> To reference the projects, select the projects and uncheck the checkbox next to “Copy projects into
						workspace”.
					</choice>
				</choices>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<b>Finish</b>
					.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The selected projects are added to the Project Explorer view pane.</stepresult>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Concept/Projects.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
