<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" []>
<task id="t24Doc_overview">
	<title>Overview</title>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>
				<b>What is Component Documentation?</b>
			</p>
			<p>
				Component Documentation aims at providing maximum information about a component within the product. The aim of this document
				is for people to quickly understand the component and work in it. T24 Domains and products are a larger area for
				people to understand and get trained within a short span of time. If component level documents are available then it
				can help in people understanding specific component/s within the product and work in it.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>Why Components?</b>
			</p>
			<p>
				T24 Component is a subset of a product and consists or supports functionality around the product. T24 components have
				been introduced in R09 and the components are used to create a map out of a product. The idea of splitting the
				product into components is more for Updates and also for an organizational approach. The organizational approach
				aims
				at framing an organization structure around components and to create an ownership at component level. The various
				metrics around Development organization are also being measured at a component level.
			</p>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./DocPluginSetup.dita" />
		<link href="./DocUser.dita" />
		<link href="./DocContributor.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
	