<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-07-04-2008--14-14-23">
	<title>Comparing model file with local history</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>compare with local history</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local history (compare)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>Each time you save changes to a model file on your workspace, Design Studio (DS) maintains a copy. This lets
			you to compare the model file that you are working on with its previous versions. The Local History panel lets you
			select previous versions of the model file. These versions are saved and organized by date and time. One version is
			created each time the file is saved. </context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>In the Project Explorer view pane, right-click on the file that you want to compare with itself. </cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<uicontrol>Compare With Local History...</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<wintitle>Compare With Local History</wintitle>
					window is displayed with three separate panels – Local History panel, Structural Differences panel, and
					Visualization of Structural Differences panel. The Structural Differences panel lets you browse the changes that
					were made to the model file. When you click on a change, the Visualization of Structural Differences panel
					highlights the change in both active model (on the left) and versioned model (on the right).
				</stepresult>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./CompareWithEachOther.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Comparing model files?>
		</link>
	</related-links>
</task>
