<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="screen_model">
  <title>Screen model</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Lizen Bista</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>screen version model</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
		<p>
			A version is a variation or adaptation of the original T24 application.
			Versions save time for transaction input and
			maintenance, and expand the capabilities of applications that you use every day.
			In Design Studio, the Version Screen
			Designer customizes T24 application screens for a desired view.
		</p>
		<p>Most T24 contract applications furnish business information for multiple products for E.g., LD.LOANS.AND.DEPOSITS
			support products like loans, deposits and commitments with options like discounts, maturity, liquidation, rollover and schedules.
			The LD.LOANS.AND.DEPOSITS application thereby has over 200 fields to furnish this vast information.
			Although
			all fields are necessary, only a few are needed for input and maintenance of a particular
			contract type. Version Screen Designer
			allows you to create version screens, presenting only the desired fields.
		</p>
		<p>
			In addition to constructing a modified presentation of the T24 application with only the required fields,
			the
			designer provides you with functionality to default and modify values in the transaction fields,
			add local routines to
			perform business validations during the transaction life cycle,
			expose the version as a web method in a web service
			and more.
		</p>
		<p>In design studio, T24 application customizations can be defined in the Screen Form of the version designer.</p>
		<p>The tasks and reference sections will help you understand and effectively use the Version
			Designer.
		</p>

  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Task/CreatingVersion.dita"/>
    <link href="../Reference/VersionProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../Reference/FieldProperties.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
