<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Local_field_referenced_in_application">
	<title>Local field referenced in application</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>

		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>application</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local ref</indexterm>
				<indexterm>local field</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
			Local reference in application corresponds to the T24 LOCAL_REF table.
			This relationship table links a local field
			definition and the application it extends.
			An application can be extended by many local fields and a local fields
			referenced by many applications.
			To model this in DS, the UML concept of class extension is used.
			A dedicated domain
			model, marked as extension of application, is required.
			In such domain you can create classes:
			<ul>
				<li>Where you set the application as the super class. </li>
				<li>Regular class for multi-value fields where you can group one or many fields. This class is then associated by
					value in an extension class.
					This design for multi-value fields, applies when imported applications are transformed
					into domain models. Open application domain model files
					to find many examples of such design. Please note that
					local
					reference in application supports only
					one level, so no sub-value field is supported.
				</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>
			local reference in application can be imported and deployed against T24 environment.
		</p>
	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../domain_model.dita" />
		<link href="../class_attribute.dita" />
		<link href="../../../tasks/ManagingLocalRef/ManagingLocalRef.dita" />
	</related-links>
</concept>
