<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Reference-05-05-2010--11-16-41">
  <title>Event properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>event properties</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>General tab</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead conref="CommonProperties.dita#Header">
          <stentry/>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Target</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry> Defines where called URI is displayed: <ul>
              <li>Self: replaces the current page.</li>
              <li> Layer: displayed above the current page: <ul>
                  <li>Modal: No action possible but the ones proposed in the layer. Current page is grayed out. </li>
                  <li>Not Modal: action still possible in the page. </li>
                </ul></li>
              <li>Module: replaces the current module only and not the whole page. </li>
              <li>Popup: displayed above the current page.</li>
              <li>New: opens a duplicate of the current page for reference in a new window or tab (depends on browser options settings). </li>
              <li>WUI_Main: replaces the underlying page from a popup or layer. </li>
            </ul></stentry>
          <stentry>Self</stentry>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>Self</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Outgoing transition Id</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes, if selected</stentry>
          <stentry> Technical name of the transition leaving the current view state in the running pageflow. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>selectPortfolio</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Widget group Ref.</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes, if selected</stentry>
          <stentry> Name or prefix (has to be followed by a *) of widget group to submit to the server. Default value set to widget group when creating module is &quot;form&quot;. It is strongly advised to use this value in events submitting widget group. This prevents losing part of the information to submit. </stentry>
          <stentry>*</stentry>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry>form</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>New pageflow</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes, if selected</stentry>
          <stentry> Resource name of pageflow to be called. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>General</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
      <note id="advancedEvent"> If you need to use the Advanced Event, see information about Event-driven Action Tags in <cite>Triple&apos;A Plus Advanced Customisation Guide</cite> for details of the events and actions. </note>
    </section>
    <section><title>Parameter tab</title> Enter any parameter to be passed with its name and value. </section>
    <section><title>Translation tab</title> Enter the message to display in the confirmation dialog box. </section>
    <section>
      <title>Search tab</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead conref="CommonProperties.dita#Header">
          <stentry/>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Search Criteria Module</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>Select here the relevant search module. The browse filters the modules with search property = &quot;container&quot;. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Search</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Attributes Selection</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>Browses the dataset declared on the search input module, derived from the previous property. With this selection you can reduce the list of search criteria defined in the dataset. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Search</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Attributes Mapping</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>Browses the dataset on which the current opened fragment/module is based. Select the attributes to map with the search output row chosen by the end-user. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Search</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Tab To Display</stentry>
          <stentry>No</stentry>
          <stentry>Available when the search module previously selected contains a tabbed pane. The chosen tab in the list becomes the selected one when displaying the search page. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Search</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Selection Mode</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry> Defines multiplicity of occurences that can be selected from the search output results: <ul>
              <li>Single: only one. A hyperlink on a column item in the search output table is then the way to design it. </li>
              <li>Multiple: many or all. A check box column is required in the designed output table. </li>
            </ul></stentry>
          <stentry>Single</stentry>
          <stentry>Search</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Run at Start</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry> Triggers the query execution prior to the search page display. </stentry>
          <stentry>No</stentry>
          <stentry>Search</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Filter Set tab</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead conref="CommonProperties.dita#Header">
          <stentry/>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Target dataset</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry> Select the dataset to filter. If a search criteria module has been set in the <wintitle>Search</wintitle> tab, the dataset becomes automatically the search input module based one. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Filter set</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Level</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>Precise filter level. Use integer value (1, 2 ...). Filter sets based on same dataset with different levels are cumulated. If a filter set is submitted with a level already applying on a dataset, it overrides it. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Filter set</stentry>
          <stentry>1</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Cancel Filter Set with Higher Level</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>When selected, the filter set based on the dataset with the specified level and higher ones are removed from the list of filters in the framework. </stentry>
          <stentry>No</stentry>
          <stentry>Filter set</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Filter attribute</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>One of the attributes composing the dataset. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Filter</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Filter operator</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry>The proposed list depends on the attribute data type. </stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Filter</stentry>
          <stentry>Like</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Edit mode</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry> The possible values are: <ul>
              <li>Hidden: the criteria cannot be seen. </li>
              <li>Read only: the criteria is displayed but cannot be changed by the end-user. </li>
              <li>Editable: the user can change or remove the crtieria. </li>
            </ul></stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Filter</stentry>
          <stentry>Editable</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Value1, Value2</stentry>
          <stentry>Yes</stentry>
          <stentry> Value of the criteria. This value may be left empty if the edit mode is editable. The Value2 has a sense for operators &quot;between&quot; and &quot;not between&quot;. These values are constants respecting the attribute data type or one of the following variables: <ul>
              <li> $CURRENT_MANAGER_CODE </li>
              <li> $CURRENT_MANAGER_ID </li>
              <li> $CURRENT_USER_CODE </li>
              <li> $CURRENT_USER_ID </li>
              <li> $CURRENT_DATA_PROFILE_ID </li>
              <li> $CURRENT_DATA_PROFILE_CODE </li>
              <li> $CURRENT_REPORT_PROFILE_ID </li>
              <li> $CURRENT_PRINTER_PROFILE_ID </li>
              <li> $TODAY</li>
            </ul></stentry>
          <stentry/>
          <stentry>Filter</stentry>
          <stentry/>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/Page.dita"/>
    <link href="../Concept/Event.dita"/>
    <link href="../Concept/FilterSetOnEvent.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
