<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd" []>
<task id="change_set_install_step_by_step">
	<title>Install Change Set</title>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>
				<note>This chapter describes functionality available only in the TEMENOS internal Design Studio distribution (EDS).
					Customer released Design Studio builds do not contain this functionality, as it relies on the IBM RTC product which
					TEMENOS does not redistribute. For technical reasons, the documentation is common, thus this chapter is included.
				</note>
				<note>In windows environment, Change Set installation works only in SFTP protocol</note>
			</p>
			<p>
				This is a step-by-step guide on how to install change sets.
			</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					First setup a T24 Server Connection using guidelines in:
					<xref href="./../../Workbench/Task/DeployingApplication/AddingServer.dita"></xref>
				</cmd>
				<info>
					<note>
						The T24 server connections were previously known as Remote Sites. Remote Sites has been replaced by T24
						Server Connections.
					</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Start the server in normal or debug mode.
				</cmd>
				<info>
					<note>More than one server can be created, but only one server can be in an 'Active' state given at a time.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Default remote site is nothing but the T24 server created is in the 'Active' or 'Active in debug' state.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					The error message "Default remote site not found. Unable to connect to remote site." displayed in the
					console, means that the T24 server created is not in Active state. Start the server to change its state to 'Active' from
					Inactive.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Connection is established to the Default T24 remote site.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Follow the steps found here to install a Change Set:
					<xref href="./RTCTools/ChangeSet.dita"></xref>
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Each changed item is transfered to the remote site through FTP.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../concepts/T24Connection.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>