<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_7_1_0_MultipleCheckboxes">
  <title>Support for Multiple Choice Checkboxes</title>
  <body> 
    <section> 
      <title>Description</title>
      <p>Support for multiple choice checkboxes in the page designer allows to bind multiple checkboxes to a single dataset attribute. The type of this
      attribute must be an enumeration whose type is always the new business type EnumMask.</p>
      <p>This TDS describes the changes required to introduce this features in DS R12</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>FDS Link</title>
      <p>
      <xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/triplea_plus/6.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/TECHNOLOGY/DS/FDS_DSR12_MultipleChoiceCheckboxes.doc" scope= "external">FDS_DSR12_MultipleChoiceCheckboxes.doc</xref>
     </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
      <p>
    <xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-4763" scope="external">DS-4763</xref>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>TDS</title>
      <p>
    <i> Note: FDS references are in parenthesis</i>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Domain Designer</title>
      <p/>
       <b>New Business Type EnumMask</b>
       <p>
          The followind definition is added to the domain AAABusinessTypes.
		<codeblock>
		EnumMask : Integer
		@sql:SQLType (value=bigint) 
		@aaa:TripleA (BType=enummask_t) 
		@gui:Widget (DisplayType=CheckBox)
		</codeblock> 
       </p>
       <b>Browser for Primitives and Business Types</b>
       <p>
          This browser is used to select the type of an enumeration element. 
          It is updated so that the user can select also a business type. 
       </p>
       <p>The class com.odcgroup.mdf.editor.MdfEnumerationPage is updated.</p>
       <b>Attribute Multiplicity</b>
       <p>
          In the property view, the page that display the properties for 
          an class attribute is updated so that the user can choose the 
          multiplicity of an attribute. (Multiplicity One or Many). 
       </p>
       <p>The class com.odcgroup.mdf.editor.MdfAttributePage is updated.</p>
       <b>Validation Rules</b>
       <p>
       The class com.odcgroup.mdf.validation.MdfModelValidator is updated in order to do the following check
       <ul>
       <li>The multiplicity must be 'Many' whenever the type of enumeration element is EnumMask</li>
       <li>Enumeration Element with a multiplicity 'Many' must have its type set to EnumMask</li>
       <li>The value of an enumeration element is not negative.</li>
       </ul>
       The class com.odcgroup.mdf.ecore.util.MdfPrimitiveValueParser is also updated to
       support BusinessType.
       </p>
       <b>Import Triple'A Metadict</b>
       <p>
       A small modification should be done in class com.odcgroup.aaa.connector.DictDataType in order to support
       the new primitive type "bigint". It is transformed into "MdfCoreDomain.LONG" or "MdfCoreDomain.LONG_OBJ".
       </p>
       <b>Code Generation</b>
       <p>
       the class com.odcgroup.mdf.entity.generator.EnityHelper is adapted to support properly the fact that a property (mdf)
       type of an enumeration element based on EnumMask and ensure the correct API is generated for dataset attribute when
       the multiplicity of those property is many.
       </p>
     </section>
     <section>
      <title>Page Designer</title>
      <p/>
      <b>New property type for Checkbox</b>
      <p>
      The existing propery type 'EnumValue' used for radio button, is also attached to the widget type Checkbox. 
      </p>
      <b>Properties view for Checkbox</b>
      <p>The specific property filter for the Checkbox is modified in order to display the property "enumValue" only
      when the dataset attribute is based on an Enumeration with its type set to EnumMask.
      </p>
      <p>
      The specific property source adapter (com.odcgroup.page.ui.DomainAttributePropertySourceAdapter) is modified to
      generate multiple checkbox (in a similar way we did before for the radio button) only when the dataset attibute
      represents an enumeration with its type set to EnumMask.
      </p>
      <b>ValidationRules</b>
      <p>Add a rule to check the existence of the attribute in the dataset when the value of 
      the property "EnumValue" is defined.
      <ul>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.validation.PagePropertyValidator</li>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.validation.PageWidgetValidator</li>
      </ul>
      </p>
      <b>Code generation</b>
      <p>The existing checkbox transformer and related classes are modified in order to properly generate xgui code
      for multiple choice checkboxes. The following classes are concerned by these changes
      <ul>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.PageConstraints</li>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.util.DomainObjectUtils</li>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.BaseWidgetTransformer</li>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.SelectedPropertyTransformer</li>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.BeanPropertyPropertyTransformer</li>
      <li>com.odcgroup.page.translation.generation.WidgetTranslationKeyProvider</li>
      </ul>
      </p>
     </section> 
     <section>
      <b>Other step (ref)</b>
       <p>TODO by atr</p>   
      </section> 
   </body>
</topic>
   