<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_7_1_0_OnlineCellModification">
  <title>Online Cell Modification</title>
  <body> 
    <section> 
      <title>Description</title>
      <p>Online cell modification allows the BA to easily design editable value in existing
      table/tree. The editable widgets supported are: Text Field, Calendar, Autocomplete, Search and Combobox widgets.</p>
      <p>Two other functional requirements are:
      	<ul>
      		<li>Recompute sum on hierarchy level</li>
      		<li>Change editability at runtime</li>
      	</ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>FDS Link</title>
      <p>
      <xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/triplea_plus/6.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/TECHNOLOGY/DS/EditableTableTree/FDS_DSR12_PageDesigner_EditableTableTree.doc" scope= "external">FDS_DSR12_PageDesigner_EditableTableTree.doc</xref>
     </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
      <p>
    <xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-4882" scope="external">DS-4882</xref>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>TDS</title>
      <p>
    <i> Note: FDS references are in parenthesis</i>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
       <b>Create the new widgets and functions (5, 6.4.1, 6.4.3, 6.5.1, 6.6, 6.7, 6.8.1-4, 6.9.1-4, 6.10.1-4, 6.11.1-4, 6.12.1-4, 6.13.1-4) </b>
       <p>
          The widgets used to edit a value in the table/tree are not the original widgets. New widgets with similar look, properties and code generation are added.
       </p>
       <p>
          The existing value can be "morphed" into one of the new widgets. A popup menu will be added to allow these actions. 
       </p>
       <p>
          Finally, the new sumTreeCol function (used for Recompute sum on hierarchy level functionality) will be defined.
       </p>
       <p>
          These elements will impact xgui-widget-library.metamodel, page-designer.metamodel, data-types.metamodel, page-designer.uimodel model files.
          Additionally, there will be new commands and actions to drive the behavior of the popup to "morph" the widgets.
       </p>
    </section>
   
    
     <section>
      <b>Event Model - Changes (6.4)</b>
       <p>Metamodel Changes - A new function type 'sumTreeCol ' is added to the page-designer.metamode which is then added to the 'OnChange' event type.</p>   
       <p>Validation Rule - A validation rule is added to the PageWidgetValidator class in page-validation plugin which checks if the event is on a textfield in a tablecolumn having an aggregate sum</p>
       <p>Code Generation - ElementEventTransformer class of the page-transformmodel plugin is adapted to render the newly added function. </p>
     </section> 
     
     <section>
      <b>Code Generation - TableColumn Editable Widgets</b>
      <p>TableColumnEditableItemWidgetTransformer class will be added to the page-transformmodel plugin which will do the transformation of any editable item widget in a tablecolumn. The transformer
      classes specific to Calendar, Combobox, TextArea, Checkbox, Text, Search widgets are also adapted as per the generation requirements.
       </p>
     </section>
     
     <section>     
      <b>Property Browsers</b>
      <p>EditableDatasetPropertyEditor, EditableDatasetUtil, EditableDatasetCellEditor, EditableDatasetPropertySourceAdapter classes are added to the page-ui plugin, which are
      required to edit the properties specific editable tablecolumn item widgets.  This also requires changes to several existing classes like DomainAttributeCellEditor, DomainAssociationCellEditor, DomainChooserDialog, FilterUtils, DomainFilterEnum etc
      as per the requirements specified</p>
     </section>
     
     <section>
     <b>Validations</b>
     <p>Validation rules specific to the editable widgets (as specified in the FDS) are added to the PageWidgetValidator class in page-validation plugin</p>
     </section>
   </body>
</topic>
   