<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Reference-01-04-2008--11-16-00">
	<title>SearchField properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>search field properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Header">
					<stentry />
				</sthead>
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#AccessKey" />
				<strow id="AutoCompleteDesignModule">
					<stentry>Auto-complete Design Module</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes</stentry>
					<stentry> References a module of type &quot;auto-complete&quot; where auto-complete drop-down list output is
						designed.
					</stentry>
					<stentry />
					<stentry>Auto-complete</stentry>
					<stentry>resource:///Default/autocompleteoutput/Portfolio.module</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow id="AutoCompleteDelay">
					<stentry>Delay</stentry>
					<stentry>No</stentry>
					<stentry> Delay in milliseconds before the auto-complete can run the query against the database. Delay and number
						of characters properties must be reached for triggering database search. If left empty, the Framework default
						value applies.
					</stentry>
					<stentry />
					<stentry>Auto-complete</stentry>
					<stentry>740</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow id="AutoCompleteKeys">
					<stentry>Number of characters</stentry>
					<stentry>No</stentry>
					<stentry> Number of characters to enter in the text field before the auto-complete can run the query against the
						database. Number of characters and Delay properties must be reached for triggering database search. If left empty,
						the Framework default value applies.
					</stentry>
					<stentry />
					<stentry>Auto-complete</stentry>
					<stentry>2</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#BeanName" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#BeanProperty" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Description" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#DisplayFormat" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#DomainAttribute" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#EditableCondition" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#EnabledCondition" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#HorizontalAlignment" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Id" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#MaximumCharacters" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Parameters" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Pattern" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#PreviewValue" />
				<strow id="Favorite">
					<stentry>Provide Access to Favorite items</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes</stentry>
					<stentry>Display an Favorite icon on the right side of the text field.
						When the user clicks on this icon, the
						items marked as favorite are listed.
						The output format is the one used for the auto-complete.
						As a
						consequence, this Boolean can be set to True only for search type property with values: ""Auto-complete only"
						and
						"Auto-complete and Search".
					</stentry>
					<stentry>False</stentry>
					<stentry>General</stentry>
					<stentry>True</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow id="History">
					<stentry>Provide Access to history of items</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes</stentry>
					<stentry>Display an open book icon on the right side of the text field.
						When the user clicks on this icon, the
						history of recent selected items is displayed.
						The output format is the one used for the auto-complete.
						As a
						consequence, this Boolean can be set to True only for search type property with values: ""Auto-complete only"
						and
						"Auto-complete and Search".
					</stentry>
					<stentry>False</stentry>
					<stentry>General</stentry>
					<stentry>True</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Readable" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Required" />
				<strow id="SearchType">
					<stentry>Search Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<ul>
							<li> Search Only: display a magnifying glass icon on the right side of the text field. Event of type
								&quot;Search&quot; is required on the text field for this icon.</li>
							<li>Auto-complete only: database look-up triggered when typing characters in the text field. </li>
							<li> Auto-complete and Search: Auto-complete and search functionalities apply on the text field.</li>
						</ul>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Auto-complete and Search</stentry>
					<stentry>General</stentry>
					<stentry>Search Only</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Style" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Tooltip" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Type" />
				<strow id="WidgetGroup">
					<stentry>Widget Group</stentry>
					<stentry>no</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p id="p-SearchFieldwidgetGroup">Name of the form this widget belongs to. The value must be prefixed by the widget group used within the
							form. For instance, if widgets of the module where the search field is used have a widget group value =
							&quot;form&quot;,
							the
							search field widget group must be different and start with &quot;form&quot;. For example:
							&quot;searchForm&quot; </p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>form</stentry>
					<stentry>Technical</stentry>
					<stentry>client</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#WidthColumns" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#VerticalAlignment" />
				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#Event" />

				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#IncludeXtooltipFragment" />

				<strow conref="../CommonProperties.dita#HoldXtooltipWindow" />

			</simpletable>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Concept/Editable/Search.dita" />
		<link href="../../Task/ManagingSearch/ManagingSearch.dita" />
		<link href="../../Task/ManagingAutoComplete/ManagingAutoComplete.dita" />
		<link href="../../Concept/Xtooltip.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
