<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="screen_properties">
	<title>Field properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Lizen Bista</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>screen version field properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Presentation</title>
			<p>Define the field properties, field display position on the version screen,
				input constraints and validations using the properties in the Presentation tab.
				An enquiry can also be specified to populate display values in a
				drop-down control for the field.
			</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Display Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Modifies field display on the version screen at runtime</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Nodisplay-Hide the selected field</p>
						<p>ComboBox-Display the CheckBox field as ComboBox</p>
						<p>Vertical.Options-Display radio-button options vertically</p>
						<p>Toggle-Toggle between two states–white/grey when the selected field is displayed as a button</p>
						<p>Dropdown.NoInput-The dropdown field is made non-editable</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Input Behaviour</stentry>
					<stentry>Modifies input behavior of the selected field.</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>NoInput-Disable the field for user input.</p>
						<p>NoChange-Disable the field for further input on authorization of the transaction.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Case Conversion</stentry>
					<stentry>Defines the case conversion for data being input into the selected field</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>LowerCase-Convert field data to lower case</p>
						<p>Proper_case-Begin each word with Capital Case</p>
						<p>UpperCase-Convert field data to upper case</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Expansion</stentry>
					<stentry>Set this property to 'No' to restrict expansion of multivalues and subvalues of the selected field, when Fields per line is set to MULTI.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>For Local Reference fields when Fields per line is MULTI, expansion should be restricted.</p>
						<p>All individual fields of an associated multi-value set must follow one expansion policy.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Max Length</stentry>
					<stentry>Indicates the maximum display length for the Label text.  Defaults to total length of Label text, if not specified.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Max Length cannot be specified when Fields per line = 1(* field is exempted)</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Enrichment Length</stentry>
					<stentry>Indicates the maximum display length for field enrichments. Enrichments are blanked if length is not set.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry> Length cannot be defined when Fields per line = 1 and for * fields</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Hyperlink</stentry>
					<stentry>Converts the field to a hyperlink on the version screen at runtime.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Links specified for the selected field should begin with ‘http’,’https’,’www’ or ‘file://’</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Right Adjust</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to align field data to the right.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Enrichment</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to hide field data. Enrichment of data entered or selected in the field is displayed in the place of field data.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Enquiry</stentry>
					<stentry>Enquiry name specified in this property will generate a dropdown list of values for the selected field.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Valid Enquiry record ID</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Selection Criteria</stentry>
					<stentry>Selection criteria for the Enquiry specified in the Enquiry property</stentry>
					<stentry>Input format: &lt;SELECTION.FLD&gt; &lt;OPERATOR&gt; &lt;Field name/data in quotes&gt; E.g.,SECTOR EQ 1001</stentry>
					<stentry>SELECTION.FLD must be a valid selection field defined in the Enquiry</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Widget</stentry>
					<stentry>Attaches a popup control to the selected field.</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Calendar/Calculator/Rate Control/Recurrence</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Row Position</stentry>
					<stentry>Indicates row position to display the field label. Currently not supported.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Column Position</stentry>
					<stentry>Indicates column position to display the field label. Position is auto-calculated if left blank.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Range 1 to 130</p> 
						<p>Position must be set to 1 for * fields.  Defaults to 1 when not set.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Mandatory</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to makes the selected optional field as mandatory for user input.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Rekey Required</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to enable the selected field for forced re-keying of data during transaction authorization.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry>Input not allowed for a zero authorizer version screen.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Hot Validate</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to invoke validation routines on validating or committing a transaction.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Hot Field</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to invoke validation routines associated with the selected field during tab out from the field.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Web Validate</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to invoke client javascripts on validating or commiting a transaction using this version.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>

			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Defaulting</title>
			<p>Version screens allow defaulting values in fields for a new transaction and replacing an existing 
				value with a new value for existing transactions.
			</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>MV</stentry>
					<stentry>Indicates the multivalue position number.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>SV</stentry>
					<stentry>Indicates the subvalue position number.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Existing Value</stentry>
					<stentry>Identifies an existing field value which must be replaced with new value.</stentry>
					<stentry>Values can be a constant like 100, YES, 21050 etc or a pattern match specification 3N0X. 0X matches any input.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>New Value</stentry>
					<stentry>Indicates the value to default in the selected field.</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Content enclosed within quotes are stored with the quotes in the field.</p>
						<p>Common and user defined variables can also be used prefixed with “!”. E.g., “!TODAY”, “!USR.DEF.VAR”.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Maximum of 35 alphanumeric characters</p> 
						<p>Existing and New value must be different.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Routines</stentry>
					<stentry>Subroutine name to default a new value in the selected field.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Input not allowed when New value is specified.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Translations</title>
			<p>Tooltips and field labels are defined multi-lingual when designing version screens. The multilingual text is 
				picked up for display at runtime, according to the preferred language of the user.
			</p>			
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Label</stentry>
					<stentry>User-defined label for the selected field</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Maximum of 39 alphanumeric characters(* field is exempted)</p>
						<p>Language translation can be input only for languages selected in Presentation tab.</p>
						<p>Label cannot be defined when Fields per line = 1(* field is exempted)</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Tooltip</stentry>
					<stentry>Adds a tooltip for the selected field.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Language translation can be input only for languages selected in the Presentation tab</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>API</title>
			<p>Version screens support field specific validation routines.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Validation Routines</stentry>
					<stentry>Routine/enquiry/script to perform validation checks on the data input in the selected field.</stentry>
					<stentry>
						<p>Enquiry format – ENQ &lt;Enquiry name&gt;</p>
						<p>Script format – Must begin with SPT.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>

			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Attributes</title>
			<p>Attributes are Custom style sheets which can be applied on the fields.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Attributes</stentry>
					<stentry>Attributes are used for applying custom stylesheets on the selected field</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>

			</simpletable>
		</section>
		
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/VersionModel.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
		<link href="../Reference/VersionProperties.dita" />		
	</related-links>
</reference>
