<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="screen_properties">
	<title>Screen properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>screen version properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Transaction Flow</title>
			<p>Define the preferences for unauthorized record processing,
				error and override processing of the transaction, deal slip
				generation during the transaction life cycle,
				 privileges to access transactions of a different company etc using the Transaction Flow tab.
			</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Exception Processing</stentry>
					<stentry>Defines the preference for processing unauthorized transaction records input via OFS(Open Financial Services)</stentry>
					<stentry>
							 <p>0 - Reject messages where an NAU record exists.</p>
                             <p>1 - Overwrite NAU record with OFS data.</p>
                             <p>2 - Accept Reversal as Deletion. </p>
                             <p>3 - Apply both option 1 and option 2.</p>
                    </stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
			<strow>
					<stentry>Interface Exception</stentry>
					<stentry>Defines the preference for processing overrides and errors raised in transactions input via OFS(Open Financial Services)</stentry>
					<stentry>
							 <p>Null - Reject errors / Approve overrides.</p>
							 <p>1 - Errors on HLD / Approve Overrides.</p>
							 <p>2 - Errors Rejected / Overrides in HLD.</p>
							 <p>3 - Errors in HLD / Overrides HLD.</p>
							 <p>4 - Hold Only.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Business Day Control</stentry>
					<stentry>Identifies the business days and holidays when the version can be executed</stentry>
					<stentry>
							 <p>NORMAL – Run version on any business day.</p>
					         <p>RESTRICTED – Run version on any business day and restricted holidays when bank is working.</p>
					         <p>CLOSED – Run version on any business day and holiday.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ID Sequence</stentry>
					<stentry>List of application contract ID's to be automatically accessed when the version screen is invoked</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Unique ID's.</p>
							<p>Valid application ID's.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Deal Slip Format</stentry>
					<stentry>Enquiry or Deal Slip Format record ID(s) to produce Deal Slips. A combination of Deal Slip Format, Function and Trigger decide when the Deal slip is generated in the transaction life cycle</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Input mandatory in Deal Slip Function and Trigger.</p>
							<p>Valid Enquiry or DEAL.SLIP.FORMAT record ID.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Deal Slip Function</stentry>
					<stentry>Generation of Deal slips gets triggered for the function specified</stentry>
					<stentry><p>I-Input    A-Authorise</p> 
					         <p>C-Copy     R-Reverse</p>
					         <p>D-Delete   H-History Restore</p>
					         <p>FINISH-Application Specific. Currently supported for TELLER application.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Input mandatory in Deal Slip Format and Trigger.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Deal Slip Trigger</stentry>
					<stentry>Identifies the mode to generate Deal slips. </stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>RQ - Manually using a Hot Key.</p>
							<p>OL - Automatically at specified trigger points in the contracts life cycle.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Input mandatory in Deal Slip Format and Function.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Deal Slip Style Sheet</stentry>
					<stentry>XSLT style sheet that is applied to display Deal slip in browser.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Override Approval</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to automatically approve overrides for transactions input via OFS(Open Financial Services) using the version.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Auto Company Change</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to allow access to records of another company in a MultiBranch system to which the User has access. It eliminates the requirement to sign in to the other company for accessing records.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Other Company Access</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to allow version execution in all companies to which User has access. When set to OWN, version execution is restricted to the Users’ default Company </stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / OWN</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Presentation</title>
			<p>Design the presentation view of the version screen using the Presentation tab.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Records per page</stentry>
					<stentry>Defines the number of records to simultaneously display on the version screen</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Input Mandatory.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Fields per line</stentry>
					<stentry>Defines the number of fields to display per line on the version screen</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Input Mandatory.</p>
							<p>Field value must be MULTI when Records per page is MULTI.</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Initial Cursor Position</stentry>
					<stentry>Identifies the first active field for user input.</stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Input format:</p>
							<p>&lt;Field name or number&gt;&lt;hypen to define a multivalue field&gt;&lt;Multivalue position&gt;&lt;dot to define a subvalue field&gt;&lt;Subvalue position&gt;</p>E.g.,RELATION-1 or 7.1
					</stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Field must be included as a valid field in the version in the Field's tab.</p>
							<p>Field 0 (@ID) field cannot be set for initial cursor position.</p>
							<p>Multivalue and subvalue fields must be defined with their positions (E.g.,17-1.1)</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Browser Toolbar</stentry>
					<stentry>Name of the custom created T24 toolbar to display on the version screen.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Valid record ID in BROWSER.TOOLBAR application.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Languages</stentry>
					<stentry>Defines the Languages for which multilingual header text and field labels can be defined.  The version screen displays labels and headers in the  preferred language of the user at runtime, if available.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Header</stentry>
					<stentry>Multilingual text for headers and footers. <p>Header 1 and Header 2 – appear as version screen header.</p> <p>User Information Header and Footer – appear as page header and footer.</p></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Language translation is allowed only for the languages selected.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Relationship</title>
			<p>Associates the version being designed with additional version screens. This aids
				in designing versions with tabs as
				well as spontaneously launching the next version screen in the process workflow.
			</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Valid Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Screen Tab</stentry>
					<stentry>Defines a list of version screens associated with the version being designed. Screens added here appear as tabs on the version screen.</stentry>
					<stentry>Valid Version screen ID's</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Target</stentry>
					<stentry>Specifies the application or version screen to launch spontaneously on authorization of the transaction input using the designed version. Screen Function and Transaction ID are optional inputs.</stentry>
					<stentry>
							 <p>Function - Input, Authorise, Reverse, See, Copy</p>
							 <p>ID - F3 (new record) / any Literal / field name </p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>API</title>
			<p>Is a provision for additional business validations during the various transaction life cycle stages.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Include Screen Control</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to additionally include routines and properties from VERSION.CONTROL at runtime.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Input Routines</stentry>
					<stentry>Input routines are triggered on committing a transaction using the version screen. The routines execute before the record is written to the Unauthorized file. They can be used to manipulate transaction data. EB.API entries are auto-generated on installation.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Authorization routine(After commit)</stentry>
					<stentry>Authorization routines are invoked on authorizing a transaction using the version screen. The routines execute before the record is written to the Live file. They can be used to manipulate transaction data. EB.API entries are auto-generated on installation.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Input Routine(After Commit)</stentry>
					<stentry>Input routines(After Commit) are triggered after a transaction is committed using the version screen.  Modification of transaction data requires an explicit database write.  EB.API entries are auto-generated on installation.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Web Validation</stentry>
					<stentry>Web Validation routines are validation routines invoked for web validate fields.  EB.API entries are auto-generated on installation.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Authorization routines</stentry>
					<stentry>Authorization routines are triggered on authorizing a transation, shortly prior to database commit. Modification of transaction data requires an explicit database write.  EB.API entries are auto-generated on installation.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ID Validation</stentry>
					<stentry>Routines for ID validation. EB.API entries are auto-generated on installation.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Pre Process API</stentry>
					<stentry>Pre Process routines manipulate record fields before display on client browser. EB.API entries are auto-generated on installation.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Internet Banking</title>
			<p>Is a specialized customization for internet banking users.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Confirm Screen</stentry>
					<stentry>Screen specified here provides a preview of transaction data upon successful validation. The confirm screen will display transaction details along with generated overrides and await transaction commit confirmation or cancellation. This field is used for internet banking.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Valid version screen ID.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Preview Screen</stentry>
					<stentry>Version screen to display a preview of transaction data upon successful commit.  This field is used for internet banking</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Valid version screen ID.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Challenge Response</stentry>
					<stentry>Raises challenge responses at runtime.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>Valid EB.CHALLENGE.RESPONSE record ID.</stentry>
				</strow>
				
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Attributes</title>
			<p>Attributes are a pre-configured way to modify version screen display.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Attributes</stentry>
					<stentry>Attributes allow modification of Version Screen display</stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>NO.HEADER.TAB - Hide header tabs in multi tab version screens.</p> 
							<p>SHOW.NULL.FIELDS - Display NULL fields in 'SEE' Mode.</p>
							<p>SHOW.NULL.REKEYS – Display NULL Rekey fields.</p>
							<p>SHOW.TXN.ID – Display Transaction ID after commit, if suppressed for Internet Banking.</p>
							<p>NO.COMBO.BOX – Hide Combo boxes.</p>
							<p>CUSTOM.VERSION.ALIGN - Align version screen fields.</p>
							<p>ENABLE.ALL.FIELDS – Display all fields from respective application.</p>
							<p>FIXED.LENGTH.FILE - Ignore Max Length property value set for the fields.</p>
					</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Web Services</title>
			<p>Makes it easy to expose the designed version as a web method in a web service.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Property</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>Possible Values</stentry>
					<stentry>Validation Rules</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Publish</stentry>
					<stentry>Tick this property to expose the designed version as a web method in a webservice.</stentry>
					<stentry>Yes / No</stentry>
					<stentry>PW product must be pre-installed.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Function</stentry>
					<stentry>The function allowed for the exposed version.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Mandatory input when Publish set to ‘Yes’. Input not allowed when Publish set to ‘No’</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
					<stentry>A description of the exposed version.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Mandatory input when Publish set to ‘Yes’. Input not allowed when Publish set to ‘No’</p>
							<p>Maximum of 35 characters</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Activity</stentry>
					<stentry>ID of PW.ACTIVITY record.  Upon version installation, a PW.ACTIVITY record is auto-generated if not available. The ID is prefixed with 'WS.'.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Mandatory input when Publish set to ‘Yes’. Input not allowed when Publish set to ‘No’</p>
							<p>Maximum of 35 characters</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Services</stentry>
					<stentry>ID of EB.SERVICE record.  Upon version installation, an EB.SERVICE record is auto-generated if not available.</stentry>
					<stentry></stentry>
					<stentry>
							<p>Mandatory input when Publish set to ‘Yes’. Input not allowed when Publish set to ‘No’</p>
							<p>Maximum of 35 characters</p>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/VersionModel.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
		<link href="../Reference/FieldProperties.dita" />		
	</related-links>
</reference>
