<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_2_5_sr3">
  <title>FR 33: Provide Support for Dynamic Tabbed Pane</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Description</title>
			<p>The Page Designer provides support for Dynamic Tabbed Panes.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>FDS Link</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/Design_Studio/5.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/FDS_DS5.0-DynamicTabbedPane.doc" scope="external">FDS_DS5.0-DynamicTabbedPane.doc</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
			<p>
				<xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-2594" scope="external">DS-2594</xref>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>TDS</title>
			<p>
				<ol>
					<li>Technical considerations
						<ul>
							<li>
								The the existing Widget Types "TabbedPane" and "Pane" declared in the file xgui-widget-library.metamodel
								have been updated with the 4 news properties. 
								The properties "hide-empty-tabs" and "tabs-filtered-attribute" have been added to the
								Widget Type "TabbedPane", and the properties "hide-empty-tab" and "tab-filter" have been added to the
								Widget Type "Tab", according to their definitions in the FDS.
							</li>
							<li>
								The accountability rules (containment constraints) both for TabbedPane and Tab are declared in the 
								file page-designer.metamodel under the entry "Accountability".
							</li>
							<li>
								The rendering of the figure is declared in the file page-designer.metamodel under
								the entry "Renderers". It contains both the binding between the WidgetType "TabbedPane" and the java 
								class TabbedPaneFigure, and the WidgetType Tab and the java class TabFigure. 
							</li>
							<li>
								The entry for the Palette is defined in the file page-designer.uimodel. This file contains
								also all the declaration of contextual menu under the entries "Menus", "Action Groups", "Actions".
							</li>
							<li>
								The specific transformers for XGUI are realized by the java classes 
								TabbedPaneWidgetTransformer and TabWidgetTransformer respectively bound to the Widget Type
								TabbedPane and "Tab". The transformers are declared in the file page-designer.transformmodel.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
