<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs Plus.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-20-02-2010--13-17-38">
  <title>Automatic deployment of generated code</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>runtime deploy</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Design
   Studio provides automatic deployment of generated code on the Triple&apos;A Plus application.
   This means that when
   generating code from a
   Design Studio models project, the resulting artifacts are automatically deployed on the
   Triple&apos;A Plus
   server (external or embedded).
   Triple&apos;A Plus, however, must already be installed
   on
   your machine
   before
   deployment. For more information, refer to the
   <i>Design Studio–based Installation Guide</i>
   .
  </p>
    <p id="p-12-06-2008--11-50-10">For
   certain types of artifacts, the Triple&apos;A Plus server does not need to be restarted. Hot deployment is available
   for:
   <ul id="ul-22-02-2010--11-50-10">
        <li>Pages</li>
        <li>Modules</li>
        <li>Translations</li>
        <li>Pageflows, if pageflow is restarted in the Web application.</li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <p>
   Automatic deployment requires the
   <i>-gen</i>
   project to be added to the server. See section
   <xref href="./ViewPanes/ServerViewPane.dita"/>).
  </p>
    <p>
   For deploying new models or changed models, the only required action is
   <uicontrol>Generate Code</uicontrol>
   of the model   , which can be launched from the
   <i>-models</i>
   project.
   The resulting artifact is automatically posted in the
   <i>-gen</i>
   project.
  </p>
    <p>
   Before reloading your Web screen, you must wait for the build workspace to finish.
   Triple&apos;A Plus server updates
   depend on the server type:
   <ul>
        <li> Embedded server automatically takes the new version from the <i>-gen</i> project. </li>
        <li> External server deploys compiled artifact by copying the file(s) to your Triple&apos;A Plus installation. The Console view pane (see section <xref href="./ViewPanes/ConsoleViewPane.dita"/> ) is automatically displayed. This output traces deployment and logs indicated in the server preferences. </li>
      </ul>
  </p>
    <p>
   <b>Limitations</b>
   <ul>
        <li>Triple&apos;A Plus external server installed must be WebLogic. Refer to the Triple&apos;A Plus Product Compatibility document for information about the supported version.</li>
        <li>Deployment can only be done on your local machine, not on a remote server.</li>
        <li>No hot deployment is available for domain extension (classes and datasets), workflows, menus, and Java classes. Any changes made on a domain model needs a server restart.</li>
      </ul>
  </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Task/DeployingApplication\SettingOCSServerPreferences.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Triple'A Plus server preferences?>    </link>
    <link href="../Task/DeployingApplication\Adding-RemovingProjects.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Adding/Removing project(s)?>    </link>
    <link href="../Task/DeployingApplication\Starting-StopingApplicationServer.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Starting/Stoping OCE server?>    </link>
    <link href="../Task/DeployingApplication\ShortcutForDeployingSingleModel.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Single model deployment shortcut?>    </link>
    <link href="../Task/DeployingApplication\SettingWUIDebugMode.dita">
<?xm-replace_text WUI Debug mode?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</concept>
