<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-05-10-2011--12-46-49">
  <title>Documentation Generation</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>documentation</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The documentation generation feature provides a speedy way to create documents that describe how the application is
   designed.
This feature generates a large number of files that is  extracted from Design Studio models information to be
   integrated into the final
   document(s).
   A final document is a Microsoft Office Excel or Word artifact, while  most documents
   generated
   by Design Studio are
   HTML files.
   Microsoft Office supports inserted links of HTML files.
  </p>
    <p>
The author of the final documentation is you. Design Studio does not generate or propose any structure or advice on
   how a document must be built.  You  choose the template for the document you need to produce, and you write all
   chapters describing the business
   context.
   You also make the final decision about which part of
the    generated documentation to include in the document
   and where to  merge the written
   chapters.
  </p>
    <p>Documentation can be generated for:</p>
    <p><ul>
        <li>the whole project</li>
        <li>a package only</li>
        <li>a single model</li>
      </ul>This applies to
   all types of models that
the    documentation
   generates. Generated files can be filtered from the project properties.
The final
   documentation needs to be
   up-to-date, reflecting the situation of real models. This is done by  generating
   the
   documentation and refreshing the final document with new model extracts in a single command.  </p>
    <p>When generating modules, the part of the model designed in fragments are considered part of the module itself.
   The generated documentation does not detail inclusions of fragments inside a module. Furthermore, the generated documentation contains labels and column headers in English that cannot be translated. </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Reference/ProjectProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/GeneratingDocumentation/GeneratingDocumentation.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
