<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-19-02-2008--12-46-27">
  <title>Design Studio Script</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>Design Studio Script is an internal language. Its
   objective is to empower business users with access to data at
   design time without having to master complex programming
   languages such as Java code.
  </p>
    <p>
   The first application of  Design Studio Script applies to the condition that the user can design in the Page
Designer.
   It provides an expression language for writing the condition code.    By definition, an expression language has no argument and must return a Boolean
   value:
   <i>true</i>
   or
   <i>false</i>.  The returned
   value does not need  to be explicit. The evaluation of the expression returns
   <i>true</i>
   or
   <i>false</i>.  For instance,
   the
   expression “1 = 1” returns
   <i>true</i>
   and
   “1 = 0” return
   <i>false</i>. 
  </p>
    <p>
   Data you can access and manipulate are attributes belonging to the
   underlying
   dataset of the model where the condition is
   designed.
   You can navigate through dataset associations, pointing to linked dataset.
   There can be only one single
   occurrence
   of the
   dataset within a condition.
   No collection of dataset instances is supported.
   All enumerations defined
   in the
   project, as well as dependent ones, can be used
   in the condition.
  </p>
    <p>
   A grammar defines how the expression must be organized
   between data and operators, providing validation of the
   expression. A content assist (by using <uicontrol>Ctrl+Space</uicontrol> keys on your keyboard) lends script editor  helpful support for writing the expression.
  </p>
    <p>No  XSP Java code can be included in Design Studio Script. These two languages are exclusive. Design Studio
   generates
   the XSP Java code corresponding to the expression.
  </p>
    <p>
   <note>The current release of Design Studio Script has some limitations. The most common check for page conditions is a comparison between dataset attribute and enumerated value, which is fully supported in this release. Any other usage of expression language is not guaranteed in this release. </note>
  </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Reference/DSScript.dita"/>
    <link href="../../PageDesigner/Task/WritingConditionWithDSScript.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
