<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-17-01-2012--12-46-49">
  <title>User profile</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>WUI profile</indexterm>
        <indexterm>business activity</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>
   A <i>user profile</i> provides a specialization of a business <i>activity</i> to a user or a group of users.
   Examples of user
   profiles are:
   <ul>
        <li>Relationship Manager</li>
        <li>Marketing Officer</li>
        <li>Administrator</li>
        <li>Default</li>
      </ul>
   The models that can change between
user    profiles are:
   <ul>
        <li>Menu</li>
        <li>Page</li>
        <li>Module</li>
        <li>Fragment</li>
      </ul>
While menu items or page content may differ from one user profile to another, domain and pageflow remain the same whatever the
user    profile.
  </p>
    <p> User profiles can also potentially be organized hierarchically. This means that profiles can share
   a common parent profile artifact. When a page or module is not specialized in the connected user&apos;s profile, the
   system automatically looks into the parent profile as well as  in
   the default profile.
The default profile is always available in Design Studio model
   projects.
  </p>
    <p>A user profile is materialized by a package that is placed at the same level of the &quot;Default&quot; package in the models project tree.
   The profile hierarchy is recognized by the system thanks to a dot between the parent and child in the package name. For
   instance, RelationShipManager.Junior and RelationShipManager.Senior
   are two user profiles where RelationShipManager is the head of two sub-profiles.
  </p>
    <p>
For more information, refer to
   <cite>Triple&apos;A Plus Advanced Customisation Guide</cite>.
  </p>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./WUIActivity.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/ManagingPackage/ManagingPackage.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
