<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Reference-03-06-2009--13-43-13">
  <title>Business type properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>business types reference</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Core properties</title>
      <p>The following table displays examples of  business types properties.</p>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Name</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>The business type name; a camel-cased identifier.</p>
            <p>
       For more
       information about naming conventions for entities, see section
       <xref href="naming_conventions.dita#naming_conventions/entities">Naming conventions</xref>. 
      </p>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>LongAmount</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Base type</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry> Primitive type on which the business type is based. For a list of provided primitive types, see section <xref href="./primitive_types.dita"/>. </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>Employee</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Maximum Characters</stentry>
          <stentry>Integer</stentry>
          <stentry> This represents the maximum number of characters that the application supports for this business type. This constraint can, for instance, correspond to the Database physical constraint of the table field. This constraint applies on base type <i>String</i> only. <note>This property is for information purposes only and is not used by the Page Designer.</note></stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>60</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Pattern</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry> This pattern is a regular expression that expresses the character business type limitations that the application requires. This constraint applies on base type <i>String</i> only. <note>This property is for information purposes only and is not used by the Page Designer.</note></stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>![-/~¦]</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Total Digits</stentry>
          <stentry>Integer</stentry>
          <stentry> This represents the number of total digits supported by the application for attributes based on this business type. This constraint only applies if the base type is a real number. <note>This property is retrieved by the Page Designer. For instance, an attribute of type Amount with Total Digits = 16 that is dropped in a grid creates a Text field widget with the Total Digits = 16 (BT). </note></stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>16</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Fractional Digits</stentry>
          <stentry>Integer</stentry>
          <stentry> This represents the number of fractional digits supported by the application for attributes based on this business type. This constraint only applies if the base type is a real number. <note>This property is retrieved by the Page Designer. For instance, an attribute of type Amount with Fractional Digits = 2 that is dropped in a grid creates a Text field widget with the Fractional Digits = 2 (BT). </note></stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>2</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SQL properties</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>SQLType</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>This represents the corresponding Database type used by the application.</p>
            <note>This property is for information purposes only and is not used by the Page Designer.</note>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>varchar(80)</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section audience="TAP">
      <title>Triple&apos;A</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Triple&apos;A Type </stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>
       This corresponds to the type of
       
Triple&apos;A Plus  Core application. This property derives from the <i>TripleA</i>
       annotation.
      </p>
            <note>This property is for information purposes only and is not used by the Page Designer.</note>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>amount_t</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>UI</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Widget Name</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>
       The widget name corresponds to one of the editable and modifiable widgets that the Page Designer provides. This
       property derives from the
       <i>Widget</i>
       annotation.
      </p>
            <note>This property is retrieved by the Page Designer. When an attribute based on this business type is dropped in a page model&apos;s grid, the Page Designer associates the selected widget to the attribute label.</note>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>TextField</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Widget Properties</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>
       This table of property names and values corresponds to the widget properties you want to set by default.
       This
       property derives
       from
       the
       <i>Widget</i>
       annotation.
      </p>
            <note>This property is retrieved by the Page Designer. When an attribute based on this business type is dropped in a page model&apos;s grid, the Page Designer sets the values of the business types to the given widget properties. </note>
            <p audience="TAP">Some
       exceptions exist in Triple&apos;A Plus for entity attributes based on code and name business types.
       Annotations are
       created on entity attributes during
       meta-dictionary importation.
       When the attribute is dropped in the page model, the
       <i>TripleA</i>
       annotation properties
       <i>AttrMaxDbLength, AttrDefaultDisplayLength</i>
       , if exists, are respectively set to the TextField widget properties
       <i>Maximum characters and width</i>,

       overriding the business type properties.
      </p>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>Maximum Character=60</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../concepts/BusinessType.dita"/>
    <link href="../tasks/CreatingBusinessType.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
