<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="class_association_specification">
  <title>Association properties</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Claude Vedovini</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>association properties</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Core properties</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Name</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>The association name.</p>
            <p>
       For more information about
       naming conventions for properties, see section
       <xref href="naming_conventions.dita#naming_conventions/properties">Naming conventions</xref>
       .
      </p>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>managingGroup</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>A referenceable class</stentry>
          <stentry>The target type of this association.</stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>ManagingGroup</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Required</stentry>
          <stentry>Boolean</stentry>
          <stentry> Whether this association is required or not. <note type="important">A required association should always be given a value. </note></stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>false</codeph>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Containment</stentry>
          <stentry>by reference | by value</stentry>
          <stentry> The containment for this association. </stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>by value</codeph>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow id="Multiplicity">
          <stentry>Multiplicity</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>
              <codeph>one | many</codeph>
            </codeph>
          </stentry>
          <stentry> The multiplicity for this association (see section <xref href="../concepts/Class/property_multiplicity.dita"/> ). </stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>one</codeph>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Documentation</stentry>
          <stentry>Text</stentry>
          <stentry>Documentation that provides information about this attribute.</stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SQL properties</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>SQL name</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry> A name that will be used to compose the SQL column or table name, which will then be used to persist this association in a database. <note type="restriction">In some database systems, object names cannot have more than 30 characters. The actual name, therefore, might be accommodated to comply with this constraint. </note></stentry>
          <stentry>If nothing is provided, the system will use the attribute name.</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>first_name</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <p>
    The following section is reserved for
    user-defined entities (UDE) domains models.
    It describes properties Triple&apos;A
    Plus Core requires for associations being imported into the
    repository.
   </p>
      <title>Triple&apos;A Plus Core (UDE) properties</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Property</stentry>
          <stentry>Type</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
          <stentry>Default value</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Attribute SQL Name</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>Attribute&apos;s SQL name as exported to Triple&apos;A Plus Core. </p>
            <p>
       <note type="restriction">This name becomes a table column in the Triple&apos;A Plus Core database. It must be maximum 30 characters long and contains only lower case characters and digits. </note>
      </p>
            <p>The next table below shows a list of suffixes
       to apply for each business type.
      </p>
          </stentry>
          <stentry> Association name is automatically transformed from camel case to standard Triple&apos;A Plus Core naming conventions for the SQL name and proposed as the default value. </stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>currency_id</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Attribute Name</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>Attribute business name as exported to Triple&apos;A Plus Core.
      </p>
          </stentry>
          <stentry> Association name is automatically transformed from camel case to standard Triple&apos;A Plus Core naming conventions for the association name and proposed as the default value. </stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>Reference To Currency</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Parent Type Attribute</stentry>
          <stentry>String</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <p>Association pointing to the standard entity “type” can benefit from existing types that are defined through
       another relationship.
      </p>
            <p> If you have designed an association
       for a user-defined entity that points to the entity type,
       you can set in this
       property which existing association (user-defined or standard) is the reference.
      </p>
            <p>
       For instance,        you have designed
       an association,
       <varname>user_defined_entity:type_id</varname>
       ,
       and you declared
       <varname>instrument:type_id</varname>
       as the parent
       attribute type. The
       data returned by Triple&apos;A Plus Core for association
       <varname>user_defined_entity:type_id</varname>
       will always
       be rows from
the        entity type
       entered for the instrument type attribute. You
       inherited these values from the
       existing
       association. Therefore, you  do not need to create specific data to populate
       <varname>user_defined_entity:type_id </varname>
       types.
      </p>
            <p>  A <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button opens a dialogue box that filters all associations, standard and custom, that point to the entity type.
      </p>
          </stentry>
          <stentry>&#160;</stentry>
          <stentry>
            <codeph>instrument:type_id</codeph>
          </stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
      <p>The following tables shows a list of suffixes to apply for each business type. When not respected, this rule
    raises a warning. </p>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Association type</stentry>
          <stentry>Suffix</stentry>
          <stentry>Example</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Association by reference (Foreign key)</stentry>
          <stentry>_id</stentry>
          <stentry>portfolio_id</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>Association by value</stentry>
          <stentry>none</stentry>
          <stentry>denomination</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../concepts/TripleADomains/TripleAUDE.dita"/>
    <link href="naming_conventions.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Naming conventions?>    </link>
    <link href="../concepts/Class/property_multiplicity.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Multiplicity?>    </link>
    <link href="../concepts/Class/class_association.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Associations?>    </link>
    <link href="../tasks/ManagingClasses/creating_a_class_association.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Creating class associations?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</reference>
