<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Reference-03-06-2011--08-34-41">
  <title>Database length and default display length annotation</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">atr</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>annotation database display length property</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section> Annotation property the Page Designer uses for setting default value on <term>Maximum characters</term> property for <term>text field</term> widget. <ul>
        <li>Name: TripleA </li>
        <li>Namespace URI: http://www.odcgroup.com/mdf/aaa </li>
      </ul> This annotation can have the following properties: <ul>
        <li> Define the maximum number of characters of an attribute that can be stored in the database. <p>
      This attribute must be based on the built-in Business Type
      <term>code</term>
      or
      <term>name</term>, and
      its value cannot be greater than 60.
      <ul>
              <li>Property name: AttrMaxDbLength </li>
              <li>Property value: Integer </li>
            </ul></p></li>
        <li> Define the default maximum number of characters the user can enter in the user interface. </li>
      </ul><p>
    These properties are defined during the importation of the Triple&apos;A Plus Core
    meta-dictionary and formats. For any other
    attributes based on different business types (not
    <term>code</term>
    and
    <term>name</term>)
    , the maximum number of characters is determined by annotation on business type itself.
    This cannot be changed in the Domain
    Designer as the relative files are read-only.

   </p><p>
    The user can redefine these properties on an attribute of a dataset, or in the Page
    Designer directly on
    the widget&apos;s property.
     
   </p></section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../concepts/DomainAnnotation.dita"/>
    <link href="../tasks/ManagingAnnotations/CreatingAnnotation.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
