<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Reference-02-09-2012--08-34-41">
  <title>Triple&apos;A Plus Core user-defined entities - Known limitations</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>domain model user-defined UDE</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>Triple&apos;A Plus Core user-defined entities (UDEs) are available since Triple&apos;A Plus Release 12 and will continue to be developed in future releases.
    The final goal of this long-term
    development is to align UDE design with all specific cases that Triple&apos;A Plus Core standard entities might expose.
The following describes the known limitations when
    designing UDEs in the current release:
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Limitations on UDE properties</title>
      <p>
    A UDE:
    <ul>
          <li> cannot take part in a list. </li>
          <li> must be managed by an attribute “code” declared as the business key. </li>
          <li>cannot be logical. Each UDE corresponds to a physical table in the Triple’A Plus Core database. </li>
          <li> cannot take part in the pre-computed data calculation. </li>
          <li>do not support multi-lingual denomination for Triple’A Plus Web. </li>
          <li>cannot take part in the Triple’A Plus Core cache management. </li>
        </ul>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Limitations on UDE attribute properties</title>
      <p>A    UDE attribute cannot be a calculated attribute. Each UDE attribute corresponds to a physical table field in the
    Triple’A Plus Core database. This calculation may result from:
    <ul>
          <li> a de-normalization that points to an attribute that belongs to another entity. </li>
          <li> a A Triple’A Plus Core script. </li>
        </ul>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Limitations on associations between entities</title>
      <ul>
        <li>A UDE does not support association by value. This also applies to standard entities managed by two dimensions (e.g., entity, object). As a consequence, a UDE cannot contain occurrences of a standard entity currently found in Triple’A Plus Core model such as: <ul>
            <li>notepad</li>
            <li>denomination</li>
            <li>script definition</li>
            <li>communication</li>
            <li>synonyms through codification</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>A UDE does not support reference of cardinality multiplicity Many pointing to a Triple&apos;A Plus Core standard entity. For instance, an UDE cannot refer to a collection of portfolios. </li>
        <li>A UDE cannot be referenced from a standard entity through a user-defined field. (This user-defined field is still created in Triple’A Plus Core.) </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Limitations in Triple&apos;A Plus Core GUI</title>
      <ul>
        <li> UDEs are accessible from the menu <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Infrastructure</uicontrol>
          </menucascade> . When selecting the UDE name, the list of UDE data is displayed with the column “Code” only. This cannot be customized. </li>
        <li>When a UDE is referenced (foreign key), the UDE attributes displayed in the referencing entity screen shows the code only. This cannot be customized. </li>
        <li>No quick search can be defined for UDE.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Limitations in Triple&apos;A Plus Core database</title>
      <ul>
        <li>No index can be designed on UDEs. Only default ones, on PK and BK, are automatically created.</li>
        <li>Data referential integrity cannot be controlled when UDE is referencing a standard Triple’A Plus entity.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../DomainDesigner/concepts/TripleADomains/TripleAUDE.dita"/>
    <link href="../../DomainDesigner/tasks/GeneratingDomainArtifacts/ExportingUDEntities.dita"/>
    <link href="../../DomainDesigner/tasks/ManagingTripleADomains/ManagingUdEntities.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</reference>
