<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="SdlcFdsTdsVersion_8_0_Checkbox_Groupinglevels">
  <title>CheckBox on Grouping Levels</title>
  <body> 
    <section>
      <title>Description</title>
      <p>This document talks about the design and development of check boxes applying on grouping levels in a table</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>FDS Link</title>
      <p>
      <xref href="https://lausvn/svn/devel/projects/doc/active/triplea_plus/6.0/03.%20Construction%20(Design)/TECHNOLOGY/DS/FDS_DSR12_PageDesigner_CheckBoxOnGroupingLevels.doc"  scope= "external" >FDS_DSR12_PageDesigner_CheckBoxOnGroupingLevels.doc</xref>
     </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>JIRA Issue(s)</title>
      <p>
    <xref href="http://rd.oams.com/browse/DS-4870" scope="external">DS-4870</xref>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>TDS</title>
      <p>
    <i> Note: FDS references are in parenthesis </i>
   </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>1 Changes to CheckBox Widget</title>
    </section>
	    <section>
	      <b>1.1 Checkbox on Grouping Widget(5.1.1)</b>
	    </section>
	    <section>
	      <p>In the current implementation, the check box can be added to a TableColumn and it is not linked to the TableGroup and hence user cannot check or uncheck the grouping level.</p>
	      <p>
	      The new requirement is to provide new property "Applies on Groups" to checkbox when dropped into the table column. Add new property in xgui-widget-library.metamodel and update the newly added property for CheckBox widget.
	      The property definition should be as mentioned in FDS.
	      </p>
	    </section>
	    <section>
	     <b>1.2 Property View(5.1.1)</b>
	    </section> 
	    <section> 
	      <p>In the <codeph>xgui-widget-library.metamodel</codeph>, the category (tab name) for all the "Applies on Group" properties is set to 'Presentation', so that all the properties of grouping widget will be
	      displayed in the Presentation tab of the properties view.</p>
	      <p>The filter class <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.model.filter.CheckboxPropertyFilter</codeph> should be modified to enable / disable this property.</p>
	    </section>
	    <section>
	      <b>1.3 Add new Data Type - CheckBoxGroupingType(5.2.1)</b>
	    </section>
	    <section>
	      <p>In the data-types.metamodel, a new datatype "AppliesOnGroupType" is added to the Data Types node. The "AppliesOnGroupType" datatype should specify editor name and validator name.</p>
	      <p>This editor name as <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.ui.properties.AppliesOnGroupPropertyEditor</codeph> extends <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.ui.properties.AbstractPropertyEditor</codeph> and validator name <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.model.validator.AppliesOnGroupPropertyValidator</codeph> extends 
	      <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.model.validator.AbstractPropertyValidator</codeph>, will be implemented in the page-ui plugin.</p>
	      <p>This editor class invokes the celleditor class and populates the grouping columns and the validator class will validate that the Table Group are originating from current module/fragment
	      as specified in the FDS.  The <codeph>getCellEditor() of class AppliesOnGroupPropertyEditor</codeph> implementation will return CellEditor and <codeph>isValid() of class AppliesOnGroupPropertyValidator</codeph> will take care of checking a grouping widget belonging to current Module/Fragment</p>
	    </section>
	    <section>
	      <b>1.4 Selecting the Groups(5.3.1)</b>         
	    </section> 
	    <section>
	      <p>The <codeph>getCellEditor() of com.odcgroup.page.ui.properties.AppliesOnGroupPropertyEditor</codeph> returns <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.ui.properties.AppliesOnGroupCellEditor</codeph> which invokes a dialog <codeph>AppliesOnGroupSelectionDialog</codeph> extends <codeph>org.eclipse.jface.dialogs.TitleAreaDialog</codeph>,
	      this uses <codeph>CheckboxTreeViewer</codeph> to choose among the available Table Group.</p> 
	      <p>Once grouping are selected, on "OK" it invokes <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.ui.command.UpdatePropertyCommand</codeph> to save to the model. If multiple groupings are selected it shall set as comma separated.
	      The  Title and description should be as mentioned in FDS.</p> <p>The listing of grouping should consider 
	      <ul>
	      <li>If the table has detailed delegated mode and hierarchy as raw data - there should be only one group proposed in the list</li>
	      </ul>
	      The above mentioned classes will be implemented in the page-ui plugin. 
	      </p>         
	    </section>
    <section>
      <title>2 Validation</title>
    </section> 
	    <section>
	      <b>2.1 Model Validation(5.4)</b>         
	    </section> 
		     <section>
		      <p> Add a validation check in <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.validation.internal.constraint.PageWidgetValidator</codeph> with constraint as "All grouping names defined in the property 
		      “checkbox-group-names” must refer a name of an existing grouping in the table."</p>         
		     </section>
    <section>
      <title>3 Generation</title>
    </section> 
	     <section>
	      <b>3.1 Code Generation(6.1)</b>         
	     </section> 
		     <section>
		      <p>In page-designer.transformmodel a Generic Property Type "appliesOnGroup" shall be added and transformation class <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.transformmodel.AppliesOnGroupsTransformer</codeph> should transform the new property to the desired XSP/XGUI code</p>
		      <p>
		      The above mentioned classes will be implemented in the page-transformmodel plugin. 
		      </p> 
		       <p><ul> <li><b>Open Point</b> - This development has to be validated with combination of exclusive checkbox and condition around checkboxes.</li></ul> </p>        
		     </section>  
	<section>
      <title>4 Migration</title>
    </section>     
		     <section>
		      <b>4.1 Model Migration (7)</b>
		      <p>A migration is required to remove the the property "Display Checkbox on Tree Nodes" set on the Table and if this field is set to true then all groups defined in the table become part of the “Apply on Groups”.      
		      The <codeph>com.odcgroup.page.model.migration.ApplyOnGroupMigration</codeph> will be implemented in page-migration plugin, which will take care of the migration.</p>   
		     </section> 
   </body>
</topic>
   