<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="configuration">
	<title>Configuration properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Enquiry configuration properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="General">
			<title>Security</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="4">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Security Application / SMS.APPLICATION</entry>
							<entry>
								security { application: "[application]"
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Defines the name of the application to be used for SMS verification.
								<p>
									If an enquiry is based on a "NOFILE" application the only SMS verification which can take place is based on
									'linked' data defined in the conversion field. In order to supplement these checks you can define, here, the
									name of the application whose SMS rules should be also be used.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Must be a valid application.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Security Field / SMS.ID</entry>
							<entry>security { field: "[field]" </entry>
							<entry>
								The enquiry field which holds the id of the record to be read from the security application.
								<p>
									Each time this enquiry field is processed then the record from the security application will be read and
									subsequently
									verified for SMS. If it does not pass the SMS check then the current record will not be displayed.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Must be a field of the the security application.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>
								Security Abort on Violation / SMS.ABORT
							</entry>
							<entry>
								security { abort: true
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Indicate if the enquiry is to be aborted when the first SMS violation is recorded.
								<p>
									The enquiry system will read and SMS verify all records it selects. This can be very time consuming if all
									the
									records fail the SMS checks. Consequently this flag enables the enquiry to abort at the first SMS violation
									encountered.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Boolean.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section id="Tool">
			<title>Tool</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="3">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Name / TOOL.ID</entry>
							<entry>tool [name]</entry>
							<entry>
								The ID of a BROWSER.TOOL record which will be displayed on the enquiry window in the toolbar.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Must be a record in BROWSER.TOOLS.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section id="Command">
			<title>Commands</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="4">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Name / TOOL.ITEM</entry>

							<entry>tool [name] {command: "[command]" command: "[command]"</entry>
							<entry>
								The item (command) to be run when the Browser tool on the toolbar is selected.
								<p>
									If this is not specified then the ITEM defined in the BROWSER.TOOL record which will be used.
								</p>
								<p>
									If a JavaScript function is not supplied then the 'docommand' JavaScript function will be used.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>Up to 35 'A' alphanumeric characters.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section id="Translation">
			<title>Configuration Translations</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="4">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Label / TOOL.TEXT</entry>
							<entry>tool [name] { label { en="translation"}</entry>
							<entry>
								The text to be displayed on the Browser tool on the toolbar.
								<p>
									If this is not specified then the TEXT defined in the BROWSER.TOOL record which will be used.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>Up to 35 alphanumeric characters.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section id="Routine">
			<title>Build Routines</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="5">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Values" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="values" colname="Values" valign="top">Possible Values</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Type / N.A.</entry>
							<entry>Build-routines { jBC:</entry>
							<entry>
								Type of Routine to be invoked prior to the selection phase when running the enquiry.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>JBC</li>
									<li>Java</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Name / BUILD.ROUTINE</entry>
							<entry>build-routines { jBC: "[routine]" java: "[routine]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Routine's name to be invoked prior to the selection phase when running the enquiry.
							</entry>
							<entry />
							<entry>Up to 32 alphanumeric characters.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section id="TargetGeneral">
			<title>Target General</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="3">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Application / TARGET.APPLICATION</entry>
							<entry>target-for-application "[application]" {</entry>
							<entry>
								Specifies the application to be operated on by the enquiry.
								<p>
									Applies to application enquiries (see ATTRIBUTES/APPLICATION.ENQUIRY in section
									<xref href="./General.dita" />
									).
								</p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Screen / TARGET.APPLICATION</entry>
							<entry>target-for-application "[application]" { screen: [screen], </entry>
							<entry>
								Specifies the screen to be operated for editing the applciation record.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section id="TargetMapping">
			<title>Target Mapping Fields</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="3">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />

					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>From Field / FIELD.NAME</entry>
							<entry>target-for-application "[application]" { screen: [screen], map-field: "fromField"</entry>
							<entry>
								Field of the current enquiry to be mapped with application field.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>To Field / TARGET.FIELD</entry>
							<entry>target-for-application "[application]" { screen: [screen], map-field: "fromField" to "toField"</entry>
							<entry>
								Specifies the field name on the target application that the field should map to.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section id="TargetWEBService">
			<title>Target WEB Service</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="4">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="3*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Activity / ACTIVITY</entry>
							<entry> web-service { activity: "[activity]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Field that contains the ID of a PW.ACTIVITY record. It may be an existing record. If the record is not
								present,
								then upon authorising the ENQUIRY, a new record is created.
								<p>The ID of the new PW.ACTIVITY record created through the ENQUIRY will have prefix 'WS.'</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>Length of 35 alphanumeric characters</li>
									<li>
										If EXPOSE is set to 'YES', then this field is mandatory
									</li>
									<li>
										No-input if EXPOSE is not set to 'YES'
									</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Description / EXPOSE.DEC </entry>
							<entry> web-service { description: "[englishDescription]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Description of the exposed ENQUIRY.This would be updated in the DESCRIPTION fields of both PW.ACTIVITY and
								EB.SERVICE,when
								they are newly created from the ENQUIRY
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>Length of 35 alphanumeric characters</li>
									<li>
										If EXPOSE is set to 'YES', then this field is mandatory
									</li>
									<li>
										No-input if EXPOSE is not set to 'YES'
									</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Expose / EXPOSE</entry>
							<entry>web-service { publish: true</entry>
							<entry>
								Specifies whether the ENQUIRY should be exposed or not.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>Booelan</li>
									<li>Length of 3 alphanumeric characters</li>
									<li>
										No-input if 'PW' is not installed in the COMPANY
									</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Name / SERVICE</entry>
							<entry>web-service { names: "[service]", "[service]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Specifies the WEB service name the enquiry needs to be exposed to.
								<p>It contains the ID of an EB.SERVICE record. It may be an existing record. If the record is not
									present, then
									upon authorising the ENQUIRY, a new record is created.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>Length of 35 alphanumeric characters</li>
									<li>
										If EXPOSE is set to 'YES', then this field is mandatory
									</li>
									<li>
										No-input if EXPOSE is not set to 'YES'
									</li>
									<li>If both SERVICE and ACTIVITY do not exist, then a new activity is created in PW.ACTIVITY, with the TARGET
										field mapped to the Enquiry and a new record is created in EB.SERVICE with the activity added to it.
									</li>
									<li>If the SERVICE is existing EB.SERVICE and ACTIVITY does not exist in PW.ACTIVITY,a new activity is created
										in PW.ACTIVITY and the same is appended to the EB.SERVICE record.
									</li>
									<li>If SERVICE does not exist and ACTIVITY exists, a check is done to ensure that the activity relates to this
										Enquiry, i.e. the TARGET field in PW.ACTIVITY is mapped correctly, otherwise an error message is thrown. Then,
										a new EB.SERVICE record is created with the activity added to it.
									</li>
									<li>If both SERVICE and ACTIVITY exists and the activity relates to the Enquiry, a check is done to ensure that
										the EB.SERVICE does not contain the ACTIVITY.ID already.Otherwise an error message is thrown.
										Finally,EB.SERVICE is updated with the activity appended to it.
									</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/EnquiryModel.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
