<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="General">
	<title>General Properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Enquiry general properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="General">
			<title>Enquiry General</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="5">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Values" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="values" colname="Values" valign="top">Possible Values</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>
								Name / ENQUIRY
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Enquiry [name]
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Name of the enquiry.
							</entry>
							<entry />
							<entry />
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>
								File Name / FILE.NAME
							</entry>
							<entry>
								for [fileName]
							</entry>
							<entry>This is the main file to be accessed/displayed by the enquiry system.

								This specifies the main file to be
								processed.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								The file must be a valid entry on F.FILE.CONTROL and should not contain the 'F.' or 'FXXX.' prefix.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								35 type A (alphanumeric) characters. (Mandatory input)
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>
								File Version / FILE.VERSION
							</entry>
							<entry>
								fileVersion: [value], [value]
							</entry>
							<entry> Specifies options of which file of the application, the enquiry can run
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>None</li>
									<li>Exception (NAU),</li>
									<li>History (HIS),</li>
									<li>Live (LIV),</li>
									<li>Simulation (SIM)</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Must
								be present in suffixes of
								FILE.CONTROL of the application specified in FILE.NAME

								Allows LIV though not
								present in
								suffix of FILE.CONTROL
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>
								Attributes / ATTRIBUTES
							</entry>
							<entry>
								attributes: "[value]"; "[value]"
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Attributes that determine the behavior of the entire enquiry are held in this field.
								These attributes are
								only
								processed within the Graphical User Interface.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								The following attributes are currently used:
								<p>REMOVE - Where a pick operation is performed on an enquiry grid, this flag will remove the item from the
									display.
								</p>
								<p>ALLDATA - Forces the retrieval of all data before the enquiry is displayed.

								</p>
								<p>APPLICATION.ENQUIRY - Browser only. Allows an enquiry to edit a record. Similar to fastpath enquiries but
									operates on a single record
									only rather than a list of records. Uses fields TARGET.APPLICATION and TARGET.FIELD.

								</p>
								<p>INCREMENTAL - For Browser only. Indicates that the enquiry should show all pages from page 1 up to the
									current page, as
									opposed to the the current page + the previous page.
								</p>
								<p>REALTIME enables the enquiry to be user by a Real-time enquiry user, must be
									followed by a multi valued
									ATTRIBUTE field
									with ZERO RECORDS DISPLAYED flagged.
								</p>
								<p>
									NO.BREADCRUMBS - this will remove the list of previously viewed enquiry navigation links from the top of the
									screen. This option
									is only used for enquiries that have been drilled down to.
								</p>
								<p>NO.TOOLBAR - this will remove the toolbar from the top.
									Paging toolbar will be retained.

								</p>
								<p>
									STATIC.PAGING.TOOL - place the paging toolbar inside the enquiry header and top
									left of the enquiry page.
								</p>
								<p>
									DRILLDOWNS.AS.HYPERLINKS - Drilldowns appear as hyperlinks in the enquiry data column.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Input may only be REMOVE or ALL DATA. No duplicates are permitted. Nulls only permitted if no
								multi values
								have
								been
								expanded.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>
								Show All Books / COMPANY.SELECT
							</entry>
							<entry>
								show-all-books:
							</entry>
							<entry> This field is used in a multi branch system to control enquiry access to financial level data.

								Multi
								branch indicates that the MB product is installed, the term Multi Book can also be used.

								This product basically
								allows financial level data to be stored in the same database table for all companies, as
								opposed to Multi
								Company
								where the data is stored in a separate table for each company.

								If this field is set to ALL then records
								will be
								selected for all companies, with the current SMS restrictions being
								applied to what the user can actually
								access.

								If this field is left blank then the data selected will be restricted to the current company.

							</entry>
							<entry>true, false</entry>
							<entry>
								Optional input of ALL in a system with the MB product installed
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>
								Select All Multi-companies and Code / COMP.FOR.ENQ
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Companies:all:true and Companies: "[code]", "[code]"
							</entry>
							<entry> Help Text for this field is unavailable. Please refer to the T24 User Guides for further information.
							</entry>
							<entry />
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>
								Generate ifp file / N.A.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								generateIFP: [value]
							</entry>
							<entry> This Boolean indicates if the code generation of the current enquiry will produce an IFP file for Edge.
							</entry>
							<entry> true, false </entry>
							<entry>Boolean
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section id="GeneralDescription">
			<title>Enquiry Description</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="5">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Values" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label/ T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="values" colname="Values" valign="top">Possible Values</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>
								Description / SHORT.DESC
							</entry>
							<entry>
								description { en ="translation"}
							</entry>
							<entry> Enquiry business description.
							</entry>
							<entry />
							<entry>
								Standard T24 alphanumeric field.
								A maximum of 35 characters may be entered.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/EnquiryModel.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
