<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="Presentation">
	<title>Presentation Properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Enquiry presentation properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="Presentation">
			<title>Enquiry Presentation</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="5">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="4*" />
					<colspec colname="Values" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="2*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="values" colname="Values" valign="top">Possible Values</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Toolbar / TOOLBAR</entry>
							<entry> toolbar: "[value]"</entry>
							<entry> Allows a custom toolbar to be displayed when enquiry results are displayed.
								This toolbar takes precedence
								over defined tool items.
							</entry>
							<entry />
							<entry>
								Must be a valid BROWSER.TOOLBAR record.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Start Line / PAGE.SIZE</entry>
							<entry>start-line: [line]</entry>
							<entry>
								Line number where the enquiry output starts in the page.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Mandatory input. Must be numeric, in the range 0 - 99.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Must be a valid BROWSER.TOOLBAR record.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>End Line / PAGE.SIZE</entry>
							<entry>end-line: [line]</entry>
							<entry>
								Line number where the enquiry output ends in the page.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Mandatory input. Must be numeric, in the range 0 - 99.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Must be a valid BROWSER.TOOLBAR record.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>No Selection / ATTRIBS = NO.SELECTION </entry>
							<entry>no-selection: [value] </entry>
							<entry>
								the selection/criteria below the enquiry data will not be available to the user.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								true, false
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Zero Record Display / ATTRIBS = ZERORECORDSDISPLAYED  </entry>
							<entry>zeroRecordsDisplay: [value] </entry>
							<entry>
								Determine if record with no data is displayed.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								true, false
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Account Field / ACCOUNT.NO.FLD  </entry>
							<entry>account-field: "[field]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Indicates the defined field which contains the value of the account number, to be used for purposes of spooling.
								<p>When enquiry is used to produce a report from the ENQUIRY.REPORT module, the value in the nominated field
									will be passed to the Report Control system for each spooled record. The report control system will then be
									able to determine whether output for the report and the specified account is to be spooled or held.
								</p>
								<p>
									In order for the full definition of DE.PRODUCT records for Held Customer output to be used, a
									CUSTOMER.FLD.NO should be defined with this field.
								</p>
								<p>Note that the field nominated should not be extracted on a page break, as the previous value may be used. </p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Up to 18 'A' alphanumeric characters. (Optional input)
								Must be defined as a FIELD NAME.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Customer Field / CUSTOMER.NO.FLD  </entry>
							<entry>customer-field: "[field]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Indicates the defined field which contains the value of the customer number, to be used for purposes of
								spooling.
								<p>When the Enquiry is used to produce a report from the ENQUIRY.REPORT module, the value in the nominated field
									will be passed to the Report Control system for each spooled record. The report Control System will then be
									able to determine whether the report generated is to be spooled or held for the customer.
								</p>
								<p>Note that the field nominated should not be extracted on a page break as the previous value may be extracted
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Up to 18 'A' alphanumeric characters. (Optional input)
								Must be defined as a FIELD NAME.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Concept/EnquiryModel.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/Tasks.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
