<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-26-06-2008--11-06-00">
	<title>Can you explain some of the error messages?</title>
<!--  This DITA file's only purpose is to have a nice looking node when browsing the documentation in Eclipse -->
	<shortdesc>The following error messages are used in Design Studio.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>errors (understand and fix)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<simpletable relcolwidth="1* 1*" id="simpletable_A22D7C3C038644178FDE39438C9AF041">
			<sthead>
				<stentry>Error message</stentry>
				<stentry>How to fix the problem</stentry>
			</sthead>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Cannot generate JDO mapping file for class XXX ...</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					Un-check the Castor JDO generation cartridge - refer to
					<xref href="../Reference/ProjectProperties.dita">Project Properties</xref>
					.
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph> Unable to create the document. org.xml.sax.SAXParseException: Invalid byte 1 of 1-byte UTF-8 sequence.
					</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					Look for error
					<codeph>Unable to transform the document XXX</codeph>
					in the error log for more information.
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Unable to transform the document: XXX</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry> The file XXX could not be parsed. It could be an invalid character in a Java statement, like ¦. </stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Resource is out of sync with the file system</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					Select the root of the project, and press
					<uicontrol>F5</uicontrol>
					.
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Synchronizing Domain model: (0%)</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					The rules cannot synchronize their data type with the domain. It might happen if you edit the domain model, and the
					rule models are not editable.
					<ul id="ul_18EF9577121A41E49B91DEB747EB0121">
						<li id="li_43A91445E54F49A68B888D75C6A9D7EB"> Close Design Studio. (You might need to kill Design Studio using the Task Manager) </li>
						<li id="li_7DEB3476C33C4D09B1E2E7532F58A158">
							Using Windows Explorer
							<ul id="ul_1134DC04965B4621A2CEBD09280B0FA2">
								<li id="li_A56B6D8BA5B840D8B291417369E85CE3">Go to the root of your project.</li>
								<li id="li_92DFC04C4FFE45B091C58DD8BF3DA668">
									Right click the
									<codeph>rule</codeph>
									folder.
								</li>
								<li id="li_D3E2FC0A94BC4508B5AC42E8BED83A73">Un-check the Read-only flag.</li>
							</ul>
						</li>
						<li id="li_0BEB5160E95A482FAB0F9FE95F23E9A8">Start Design Studio.</li>
						<li id="li_56DD8EED23A345B2930D80AC90A75055">
							The Problem view pane will probably display
							<codeph>System.vrrule</codeph>
							errors like:
							<ul id="ul_6B68E67B468C4E05B068D288BF677DDE">
								<li id="li_635AAA32FADD4C6EAFA5207BE465F1D5"> &quot;ClientProfileOpeningMoneyLaundringRating&quot; does not have &quot;High&quot; </li>
								<li id="li_65E9333E63064E3AAD53D087F51F29A5"> Data element &quot;ClientProfileOpeningMoneyLaundringRating&quot; not found </li>
							</ul>
						</li>
						<li id="li_1D3732249A7A4BCF8D38B9A6DCC5309D">
							Perform a
							<uicontrol>Refresh (F5)</uicontrol>
							of the project and a
							<uicontrol>Clean</uicontrol>
							.
						</li>
						<li id="li_8358874EC87545D38E46523D23B8D4FB">
							Perform a Quick Fix on the following error:
							<codeph>Design Studio project configuration: Domain package &apos;internal&apos; does not exist in the rule
								model. </codeph>
						</li>
						<li>
							Perform a Quick Fix on the following error:
							<codeph>Design Studio project configuration: Import declaration of domain package &apos;internal&apos; is missing
								in rule model. </codeph>
						</li>
						<li id="li_856B4C38A2FF4CD9A95A653A8905AEF2">Restart Design Studio.</li>
						<li id="li_CA256BA0BBAF4903956C1F672F52D5D6">
							Perform a
							<uicontrol>Refresh (F5)</uicontrol>
							of the project and a
							<uicontrol>Clean</uicontrol>
							.
						</li>
					</ul>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry> Error in the Domain Designer: XXX is not a valid association type, XXX is not a valid Class </stentry>
				<stentry>Restart Design Studio, and the error will disappear.</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>Could not create rule XXX</stentry>
				<stentry>
					Refer to
					<xref href="../../RuleDesigner/Task/EnablingRule.dita">Enabling rules</xref>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Linked dataset XXX results in cyclic reference with YYY domain</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry> Cyclic reference between Classes in different domain is not allowed. But Cyclic reference between Dataset
					in different domain is allowed. To remove this error, you must move the datasets to the same domain model.
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Resource tree is locked for modifications</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					The message might be displayed when migrating projects (from version 1.30.6 to 5.0). This error message must be
					ignored. Press
					<uicontrol>Ok</uicontrol>
					, allow the migration to finish, and perform a
					<uicontrol>Clean project</uicontrol>
					.
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					When Visual Rules Models appear in error in the
					<wintitle>Problems View</wintitle>
					with message similar to:
					<ul>
						<li>
							<codeph>... does not have ...</codeph>
						</li>
						<li>
							or
							<codeph>Referenced element &apos;rules_...&apos; does not exist</codeph>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					Look for the following error message in the same view:
					<codeph>Design Studio project configuration: Data types are not yet synchronized to rule model.</codeph>
					<p>
						Quick Fix the problem by selecting the line and do a Ctrl-1 or
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>right click</uicontrol>
							<uicontrol>Quick Fix</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						.
						This will normally resolve all other Visual Rules Model Validation
						Problems.
					</p>
					<p>
						Note: To see the
						<codeph>Design Studio project configuration: Data types are not yet synchronized to rule model.</codeph>
						problem, Quick Fix it, and sort the Problems view by its Path column.
					</p>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
		</simpletable>
	</conbody>
</concept>
