<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-09-04-2008--14-12-09">
  <title>Creating workflow files</title>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>A workflow file cannot exist outside of a package. The following steps assume that you have an existing Design Studio (DS) Workbench package. </prereq>
    <context>There is no limit to the number of workflow files that you can create in a package.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> On the <wintitle>DS Navigator</wintitle> view pane, click the package in which you want to create a new workflow. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Right-click the project folder name, and select <uicontrol>New Workflow</uicontrol>. </cmd>
        <stepresult> The <wintitle>Create Workflow Diagram</wintitle> dialog box is displayed. </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <uicontrol>Workflow Name </uicontrol> field, type the name of the new workflow. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd importance="optional"> In the <uicontrol>Description </uicontrol> field, type a description of the workflow. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. </cmd>
        <stepresult> The name of the new workflow is displayed in the <wintitle>DS Navigator</wintitle> view pane in the appropriate package. </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view pane, complete all fields (mandatory fields are indicated with an asterisk). </cmd>
        <info>For more information about how to complete the fields in the Properties view pane, see section <xref href="../Reference/Workflow.dita">Workflow properties</xref>.
        <draft-comment>DONE: Added to the TOC./ Link above works but Workflow Properties (Reference topic) page is not included in the TOC (see http://laulxcms:8081/help/index.jsp). Is the reference to the Workflow Properties still valid? </draft-comment></info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Workbench/Concept/Packages.dita"/>
    <link href="../Concept/Workflow.dita"/>
    <link href="../Reference/Workflow.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
