<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
"concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept-02-06-2006--13-56-05">
	<title>IDE Setup Guide</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Kai Kreuzer</author>

		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>installation guide</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<conbody>

		<section>
			<title>Introduction</title>
			In order to develop Design Studio, all developers require an Eclipse IDE with special setup. In contrast to OCS development, where the EDS distribution is used by the developers, the Design Studio developers require a specially tailored IDE.
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Prerequisites</title>
			<p>
				For the setup of a working IDE for Design Studio development, you require the following software to be installed on your PC:
				<ul>
					<li>WinZIP (or any other ZIP extraction tool)</li>
					<li>JDK 1.6 (update 23 or newer)</li>
					<li>Apache ANT (>= 1.7.0)</li>
					<li>EDS tools from \\oams.com\Software\R&amp;D_Architecture\EDS-ODBP\Dev\EDS-tools.zip (extract to C:\ )</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>IDE Setup</title>
			<p>
				A zip file of the preconfigured IDE is available at \\lausan1\Archi_Team\DesignStudioTeamStuff\DSBuilderSDK-3.6.2.zip.
				Simply extract this zip to your C: drive, which will result in the new folder C:DSBuilderSDK. Create a shortcut to eclipse.exe in a convenient place (desktop, start menu, etc.).
			</p>				
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>SVN Checkout</title>

			<p>For DS, it is common practice to check out the development branches directly to the filesystem (and not directly into the IDE workspace).
			As a convention, the checkout is done to W:\svn\DS (create a W: drive yourself with the subst command).</p>

			<p>In SVN, the DS source code can be found at https://lausvn/svn/devel/products/DS/</p>

			<p>Use a SVN client (e.g. commandline or TortoiseSVN) to checkout the main development branch https://lausvn/svn/devel/products/DS/trunk to the folder W:\svn\DS\trunk. If you have to develop on a specific branch, do a similar checkout of https://lausvn/svn/devel/products/DS/branches/x.y to W:\svn\DS\branches\x.y.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Workspace Setup</title>
			<p>
				Eclipse requires a target platform with all the plugins to compile the sources against. All such plugins are available in SVN in a zipped format. The extraction and preparation of the target platform can be done by an ANT script. Simply do
			<codeblock>
  cd W:\svn\DS\trunk\dependencies
  ant local-build -Dds.target.platform="5.0/next_ds_build"</codeblock>
   			where the parameter ds.target.platform is a path suffix for \\oams.com\Software\Incoming Packages\OCS, pointing to a directory containing a distribution_TAP.zip file.
			</p>
			<p>
				Once your target platform is ready, launch your Eclipse with a new workspace and import (File->Import->Existing Projects into Workspace) all the following projects:
				<ul>
					<li>All projects in W:\svn\DS\trunk\designstudio\eclipse\features</li>
					<li>All projects in W:\svn\DS\trunk\designstudio\eclipse\plugins</li>
					<li>All projects in W:\svn\DS\trunk\tests\ds-ui-integration\eclipse\features</li>
					<li>All projects in W:\svn\DS\trunk\tests\ds-ui-integration\eclipse\plugins</li>
					<li>All projects in W:\svn\DS\trunk\tests\ocs-refapp-integration</li>
				</ul>
				Then set your target platform by selecting "Window->Preferences->Plug-in Development->Target Platform->Design Studio Target Platform".
			</p>
			<p>
				The last step is to fill the "lib" folders of a few plugins, which require OCS jar files (which are obviously not committed to SVN and are thus still missing in the workspace). To retrieve them, there are Maven launch configurations available. In order to use them, you need to register the EDS Maven installation with Eclipse: Go to "Window->Preferences->Maven->Installations->Add..." and choose "C:\EDS\maven\apache-maven-3.0" as a folder. Mark the new external Maven instance as the default Maven to use.
			</p>
			<p>
				Now go to "Run->Run Configurations..." and run all of the "Maven Build->dependency copy on xxx" launch configurations use the (one by one).
			</p>
			<p>
				If all went well, your workspace should now correctly compile.
			</p>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>DS Execution from within the IDE</title>
			<p>
				To launch Design Studio from within Eclipse, use the run configurations "Eclipse Application->designstudio.product", resp. "Eclipse Application->dsgenerator.product".
			</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Test Execution from within the IDE</title>
			<p>
				To launch the unit tests of Design Studio from within Eclipse, use the run configuration "JUnit Plug-in Test->AllTests".
				For the SWTBot integration tests, run "SWTBot Test->SWTBot Integration Tests".
			</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>