<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="DataOutputFieldFormatting">
	<title>Field Formatting properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Enquiry Data Output Field Formatting properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="Formatting">
			<title>Field Formatting</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="4">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="10*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="80*" />
					<colspec colname="Values" colwidth="80*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="20*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="values" colname="Values" valign="top">Possible Values</entry>
							<entry id="validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Length / LENGTH.MASK</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { length: [value]</entry>
							<entry>
								Defines output field's value length for display.
								<p>If no length is specified then the data is output as it stands. Always specify a length when
									displaying data
									outside the enquiry page as this area is not cleared when moving between pages.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry />
							<entry>
								Integer.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Alignment / LENGTH.MASK</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { alignment: [value]</entry>
							<entry>
								Defines field alignment within the column. When Left, an "R" is appended to the length in T24.
								<p>For instance, 30L means:30 bytes left justified with space padding.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>None</li>
									<li>Left</li>
									<li>Right</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Format Mask / LENGTH.MASK</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { fmtMask: "[value]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Defines output mask of field's value to display. For instance: "##:##"
								<p>
									Any valid FMT operation is accepted (see INFO-BASIC manual for more detail on the FMT instruction).
								</p>
								<p>If no mask is specified then the data is output as it stands. Always specify a mask when
									displaying data
									outside the enquiry page as this area is not cleared when moving between pages.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								String
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Format Type / field.format.format / TYPE</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { format: [value]</entry>
							<entry>
								Allows further formatting of the data based on the type of field.
								<p>This formatting is performed immediately prior to display (i.e. after conversion)</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>None</li>
									<li>Date: Formats T24 internal date format (YYYYMMDD) to DD Mmm YYYY.</li>
									<li>User: Extracts correct language value (based on users language code) from the multi-valued field.</li>
									<li>Translate: Translate data using 'dynamic text' mechanism.</li>
									<li>Rate</li>
									<li>Currency: Amount format using currency </li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Format Field / field.format.field / TYPE</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { format: Currency "[field]"</entry>
							<entry>
								Applies to format type currency only. It defines the field's name holding currency.
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Field's name.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Format Currency Pattern / field.format.pattern / TYPE</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { format: Currency "[field]" negative-pattern [value] </entry>
							<entry>
								Applies to format type currency only. It defines the negative amount format.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>None</li>
									<li>"-#" (Null): formats a -ve number as -123456.12</li>
									<li>&lt;#&gt; (E): formats a -ve number as &lt;123,456.12&gt;</li>
									<li>#- (M): formats a -ve number as 123,456.12- </li>
									<li>#db (B): formats a -ve number as 123,456.12db</li>
									<li># (N): formats a -ve number as 123,456.12</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Number of Decimals / LENGTH.MASK</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { decimals: [value] </entry>
							<entry>
								Number of digits defining the precision. Applies to fields of type number only.
								<p>The value is appended to the length in T24.
									For instance, 30L2 means:30 bytes left justified with 2 decimals.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
							<entry>Integer
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Escape Sequence / LENGTH.MASK</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { escapeSequence: [value] </entry>
							<entry>
								Defines additional output type for the field's value to display.
							</entry>
							<entry>
								<ul>
									<li>None</li>
									<li>
										RV: Use the REVERSE video attribute
									</li>
									<li>UL: Use the UNDERLINE attribute</li>
									<li>HI: Use the HALF.INTENSITY attribute
									</li>
									<li>BL: Use the BLINK attribute </li>
									<li>DING: Sound warning beep
									</li>
								</ul>
							</entry>
							<entry>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Comma Separator / LENGTH.MASK</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { comma-separator: [value] </entry>
							<entry>
								Determine if comma separator is displayed.
							</entry>
							<entry>true, false.
							</entry>
							<entry>Boolean
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Concept/EnquiryModel.dita" />
		<link href="../../Task/Tasks.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
