<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/reference.dtd" []>
<reference id="DataOutputFieldBreak">
	<title>Field Break properties</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Enquiry Data Output Field break properties</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="Break">
			<title>Field Break</title>
			<table pgwide="0">
				<tgroup id="TableGroup" cols="4">
					<colspec colname="Label" colwidth="1*" />
					<colspec colname="DSL" colwidth="2*" />
					<colspec colname="Description" colwidth="5*" />
					<colspec colname="Validation" colwidth="3*" />
					<thead>
						<row id="TableHeader">
							<entry id="label" colname="Label" valign="top">Label / T24 Field</entry>
							<entry id="DSL" colname="DSLFormat" valign="top">DSL Format</entry>
							<entry id="description" colname="Description" valign="top">Description</entry>
							<entry id="Validation" colname="Validation" valign="top">Validation Rules</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Break Type / DISPLAY.BREAK</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { break-Condition { break: [value]</entry>
							<entry>
								Defines enquiry field to be processed only when a break condition is met.
								<p>This field will only be processed when the break condition has been met. In the case of total fields, the
									total will be displayed (providing Column has been specified) and the current total cleared.
								</p>
								<p>Never specify a record field extract (0-999) to be processed on a break. This will extract the field from the
									data record which caused the break and not the previous record. Always use the FIELD XXX instruction instead.
								</p>
								<p>
									Standard break names are provided for certain conditions. They are:
									<ul>
										<li>Once: Only processed once at the beginning of the enquiry </li>
										<li>End: Only processed at the end of the enquiry</li>
										<li>NewPage: Processed at the start of every new page </li>
										<li>None: Only processed if no records matched the selection criteria. </li>
									</ul>
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>15 type A (alphanumeric) characters. The name of the enquiry field which defines the break or one of the
								standard names.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Spool Break / SPOOL.BRK.FLD</entry>
							<entry>field "[field]" { spool-break: [value]</entry>
							<entry>
								Specifies fields which on change of value between pages, will cause a new spool record to be generated for
								reports.
								<p>When enquiries are used to produce reports (via ENQUIRY REPORT application), the enquiry will be produced as
									a single report.
								</p>
								<p>Certain reports may be required to produce output for particular Customers and Accounts, where it would be
									advantageous to create a separate report for each Customer or Account. By specifying the relevant field name
									here, if the value changes between pages, a new spool record will be created.
								</p>
								<p>This will primarily be used to allow Enquiries to be produced for a Customer so that the output can be Held
									if required, in the same way as output from the delivery system.
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>
								Up to 18 'A' alphanumeric characters. (Optional input)
								Must be defined previously on the Enquiry as a FIELD
								NAME.
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Concept/EnquiryModel.dita" />
		<link href="../../Task/Tasks.dita" />
	</related-links>
</reference>
