<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="Task-01-04-2008--11-21-50">
  <title>Including model files</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>include fragment</indexterm>
        <indexterm>fragment include</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>An important feature of the Page Designer is the ability to re-use visual components. This is achieved by taking a small, fine-grained diagram (child diagram) of a file, such as a fragment or a module, and including it in a larger diagram (parent diagram) of a file, such as a module or a page. A fragment can be used in a page if it only has static data (for example, button, label,) and no domain attributes.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>On the <wintitle>DS Navigator</wintitle> view pane, double-click the file (parent diagram) in which you want to include a child diagram.</cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <p>The file&apos;s diagram opens in the Editor area.</p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>On the <wintitle>DS Navigator</wintitle> view pane, click and hold the left mouse button on the file that you want to use as a child diagram.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Drag the file to the parent diagram in the Editor area, and then, release the button at the desired location.</cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <p>The child diagram is included in the parent diagram. It
      is greyed to show it as an inclusion. </p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd importance="optional">To open the child diagram in the Editor area, double-click it. As a child diagram, you cannot access its individual elements.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/Fragment.dita"/>
    <link href="../Concept/Module.dita"/>
    <link href="../Concept/Page.dita"/>
    <link href="../Concept/Special/Include.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
