<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="Task-22-04-2010--11-21-10">
  <title>Presenting data in combo box</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>combo box list</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>These steps assume that you already have a main dataset (based on domain entity in the example) containing a mapped attribute pointing to the foreign entity (currency) with a linked dataset. </prereq>
    <context> This task explains how to display data in a drop-down list, using the widget combo box. <!--
    on enumeration types. It's then straight forward and requires no additional action. When presenting data retrieved ,
    specific domain annotation is required.</p>
   --><p>
    The use case described here regards data retrieved from foreign entities: for instance, presenting a
    list of
    currencies from the domain context.
   </p></context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a fragment based on the linked dataset.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In this fragment, select the combo box from the palette and drop it in the editor. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view, set the domain entity to the relevant attribute; for example, the code of the currency. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Make sure the expected annotation is set on the selected attribute. </cmd>
        <info>See section <xref href="../../DomainDesigner/references/ComboBoxAnnotation.dita"/>.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the fragment or module based on the main dataset, drop the association into the form; for example, association to a currency.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Make sure the expected annotation is set on the association. </cmd>
        <info>See section <xref href="../../DomainDesigner/references/ComboBoxAnnotation.dita"/>.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> If the fragment is not the default one for the linked dataset, change the fragment location from the <wintitle>Properties</wintitle> view. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../DomainDesigner/concepts/Dataset/LinkedDataset.dita"/>
    <link href="../../DomainDesigner/concepts/DomainAnnotation.dita"/>
    <link href="../../DomainDesigner/references/ComboBoxAnnotation.dita"/>
    <link href="../../DomainDesigner/tasks/ManagingAnnotations/CreatingAnnotation.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
