<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="Task-19-05-2008--09-20-54">
  <title>Saving diagrams as images</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>

		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>save as image</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_E0E97ADA07B245C7B1F4B430300215EE">You can save diagrams as images at any time. The diagram that you
    want to save must be opened and displayed in the Editor area. Only one
    diagram can be saved as an image at a time.</context>

    <steps id="steps_B0F14F1F715241D8AB5DF35E2CE88B34">
      <step id="step_0F01689108834409AAF5A9A5CCD66866">
        <cmd>On the DS Navigator view pane, double-click on the file (for
        example, fragment file, page file or module file) that you want to
        open to view its diagram.</cmd>

        <stepresult><p>The file’s diagram is displayed in the Editor
        area.</p></stepresult>
      </step>

      <step id="step_4DE0DD181E3A4A339F533DE0C4C2A26C">
        <cmd>Within the Editor area, but outside of the diagram, right click and select<menucascade>
            <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Save as image File ...</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>.</cmd>

        <stepresult><p>The Save as Image File dialog box is
        displayed.</p></stepresult>
      </step>

      <step id="step_24674416C27D4EFD8746520EDE77B037">
        <cmd>(Optional) If you want to change the folder where the image will
        be saved, click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to select another folder. </cmd>
      </step>

      <step id="step_37F1F9AE3F054E65AD35F957DB2A6C67">
        <cmd>(Optional) In the <uicontrol>File Name</uicontrol> field, type the name of
        the image file.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step id="step_115AEFAC7181421FA6FDF0B6D03941B5">
        <cmd>(Optional) In the <uicontrol>Image Format</uicontrol> field, click on the
        down arrow to select the type of image to create.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>(Optional) If you do not want to be notified that you typed a
        file name that already exists in the project, place a checkmark in the
        Overwrite Existing File Without Warning box.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step id="step_0D7F8F1648E44D11948BF5594A929FDC">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>

        <stepresult>The diagram is saved as an image of the specified type and
        in the desired location.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
