<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="Task-01-08-2012--11-21-50">
  <title>Creating Dynamic Tabbed pane </title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>tabbed pane</indexterm>
        <indexterm>dynamic</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>The following steps assume that you have a fragment or module model opened in the Editor area that contains a tabbed pane. </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> Select the tabbed pane and go to the <wintitle>Properties View.</wintitle></cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Set the <term>Hide empty tabs</term> property to <i>True.</i></cmd>
        <stepresult>The tabbed pane is treated as dynamic.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Select the dataset attributes from the list to use for filtering data in the <term>Tabs filtered by attribute</term> property. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click on the first tab of the tabbed pane. Ensure that the first tab has the <term>Hide if empty</term> property set to <i>False.</i></cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> For each tab you want to be removed at runtime when empty, select the tab and set the filter value in the <term>Filter: keep value equals to</term> property. </cmd>
        <stepresult>The task is finished in Page Designer.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Ensure in your pageflow(s) that the &quot;reload&quot; transition exists in the View state displaying this module. This is required by the events that Design Studio generates. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Set the action on the &quot;reload&quot; transition that is required by the filtering process. For more information, refer to the <i>Triple&apos;A Plus Web PMS Process Reference Guide</i> that is delivered in the Triple&apos;A Plus software package. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/Panels/TabbedPane.dita"/>
    <link href="../Task/UsingThePaletteMenu/AddingTabbedPane.dita"/>
    <link href="../Reference/Panels/TabbedPaneProperties.dita"/>
    <link href="../Reference/Panels/TabProperties.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
