<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="Task-01-04-2008--11-21-11">
	<title>Setting Extended Tooltip</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Extended tooltip creation</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Create a new fragment of type
					<i>Extended Tooltip.</i>
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Drag and Drop attributes you want in the extended tooltip within the fragment grid.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Save the fragment.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Open the module where you want the extended tooltip to be displayed. </cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on the module element that will hold the extended tooltip and go to the
					<uicontrol>properties view</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the
					<uicontrol>XTooltip</uicontrol>
					properties tab and click on the
					<i>Include Xtooltip Fragment</i> property.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click on the icon placed on the right of the property value.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					A dialog box provides browse for fragments of type
					<i>Extended Tooltip</i>.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select your extended tooltip fragment from the list. Enter a "*" for listing all existing extended tooltip.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Set the
					<i>Hold tooltip window</i>
					property if necessary.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd importance="optional">
					For extended tooltip set on table elements, attributes composing the extended tooltip fragment must be declared in
					the table. Use the
					<uicontrol>Extra</uicontrol>
					tab of the table
					<uicontrol>Transformation</uicontrol>
					to add missing attributes. If the extended tooltip is set on a table tree node, create accurate aggregation of
					displayed attributes in the table
					<uicontrol>Transformation</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Save and generate the module.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./CreatingFragmentFile.dita" />
		<link href="../Concept/Fragment.dita" />
		<link href="../Concept/Xtooltip.dita" />
		<link href="../Reference/FragmentProperties.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
