<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="Task-25-05-2009--17-04-00">
  <title>Updating the list of display formats</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context> You might need to extend the list of display formats shipped with Design Studio with new ones (e.g., new decimal format with more fractional digits). To make the newly updated list available in Page Designer, the steps described in this section are done during design time.<p>Do not use the following steps to change the rendering associated to a display format, which must be done by manually editing the file <codeph>HumanPatterns.properties</codeph> and is outside of the Design Studio modelling scope. You need a separate project in your workspace to configure this properties file, and once done, the configured file will override the standard values at runtime and be packaged with the custom packager. Thus, standard and custom patterns must be merged in your configured file.</p></context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the Triple’A Plus runtime. For more information, see section <xref href="../../Workbench/Task/DeployingApplication/SettingOCSServerPreferences.dita"/> . If the external server is only used for the human patterns configuration, you can point the external server installation directory to your project where the human pattern has been configured for the runtime. The path for loading the human pattern must be <filepath> &lt;ExternalServerInstallDir&gt;\OriginalWuiblocks\WUI-UNPROFILED\com\odcgroup\uif\udp\view\HumanPatterns.PROPERTIES</filepath>. You can adapt your project class path to have an output folder of your sources with the expected path. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Go to <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Windows</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Design Studio</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Display Formats</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <uicontrol>Display Format</uicontrol> section, click <uicontrol>Reload</uicontrol>. If the button remains disabled, the expected path for the file <codeph>HumanPattern.properties</codeph> is not correct. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The original list of display formats shipped with Design Studio is now replaced with the list of keys found in the file <codeph>HumanPatterns.properties</codeph> during the installation. Clicking <uicontrol>Reload</uicontrol> will import all keys except the ones matching: <ul>
        <li>alignment.*</li>
        <li>*.xls.*</li>
      </ul></result>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/DisplayFormat.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Workbench/Task/DeployingApplication/SettingOCSServerPreferences.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
