<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-24-02-2010--09-22-00">
  <title>Writing Condition using Design Studio Script</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>script</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>A model of type fragment or module containing a conditional widget must be opened in the Editor area.</prereq>
    <context> This page describes how to write a condition using Design Studio Script similar to: <i>DatasetName.attributeName == EnumerationDomainName::EnumerationName::EnumeratedValue</i></context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> Select the Condition tab in the Editor area and go to the <wintitle>Properties view</wintitle>. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the General tab, set the value <uicontrol>Design Studio Script</uicontrol> to the <i>Condition Language</i> property. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click on the button placed on the right of the <i>Condition</i> property to open the script editor. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Press the <uicontrol>Ctrl+Space</uicontrol> keys on your keyboard to open the content assist list and select the model&apos;s underlying dataset, which is proposed at first position. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Append &quot;.&quot; to the dataset name and press again <uicontrol>Ctrl+Space</uicontrol> keys to select the dataset attribute from the list. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Enter one of the supported relational operators, for example, equals &quot;==&quot;. </cmd> 
        <info> It is highly recommended to add a space after each term of the expression. This explicitly tells the syntax parser that term ends. 
        It protects you from confusing proposition content assist may display.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Start typing the enumeration name, and press again <uicontrol>Ctrl+Space</uicontrol>. Select from the list the enumeration to be compared with the dataset attribute. </cmd>
        <stepresult><i>EnumerationDomainName::EnumerationName</i> is automatically pasted into the Design Studio Script editor. </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Append &quot;::&quot; to the enumeration name and press again <uicontrol>Ctrl+Space</uicontrol> to select the enumerated value. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>A condition is written and the model can be saved and generated. If there is an unsupported expression, Design Studio Script will highlight it in red and display associated error messages. </result>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Workbench/Concept/DSScript.dita"/>
    <link href="../../Workbench/Reference/DSScript.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
