<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic-19-02-2008--12-51-19">
	<title>List of FAQ</title>
	<shortdesc>FAQs are intended to supplement the Concept, Task and Reference topics. They are designed to provide you
		with information and solutions to commonly asked questions.
	</shortdesc>
	<body>
		<section>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>Referencing models:</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
					<ul>
						<li>
							<b>What should I do when Problems View reports a missing application?</b>
							This can happen in domain model or a screen where reference to application cannot be resolved.
							<xref href="../../DomainDesigner\tasks\ImportingApplications.dita">Import the missing application</xref>
							in your
							<filepath>-models</filepath>
							project.
						</li>
						<li>
							<b>What should I do when Problems View reports a missing version?</b>
							Screen can refer other screens; next screen, screen tabs, confirm screen and preview screen. Issue reported here
							means you need to
							<xref href="../../VersionDesigner\Task\ImportingVersions.dita">import the missing screen</xref>
							in your
							<filepath>-models</filepath>
							project.
						</li>
						<li>
							<b>Why screen I just imported is marked in error for missing field?</b>
							The field cannot be found in the application. If the field is a local field, this means you are not synchronized
							with local fields set in the T24 server.
							<xref href="../../DomainDesigner\tasks\ImportingApplications.dita">Import the application</xref>
							again in your
							<filepath>-models</filepath>
							project. It will update its list of fields with the missing local one.
						</li>
						<li>
							<b>How to get rid of reference issue that don't seem to be relevant?</b>
							Do a
							<menucascade>
								<uicontrol>Project</uicontrol>
								<uicontrol>Clean...</uicontrol>
							</menucascade>
							on your
							<filepath>-models</filepath>
							project to force models validation. If you still have issues after build workspace is finished, restart Design
							Studio to eliminate any caching issue.
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>Managing Local ref.:</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						<ul>
							<li>
								<b>
									Why import of local ref. for an application fails?
								</b>
								If you get a message during local ref import saying
								<i>Attribute - [FIELD] is not found in LocalFieldsDefinition.domain file</i>
								, this is due to missing local field in your project.
								<xref href="../..\DomainDesigner\tasks\ManagingLocalRef\ImportingLocalFieldDefinition.dita">Import your local fields</xref>
								to synchronize your project with T24 LOCAL.TABLE.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>
									Can I import a single local field in my
									<filepath>-models</filepath>
									project?
								</b>
								Importing local fields, regardless to the number of items you select, completely overrides the created domain
								files.
								If you
								select only few local fields, for instance only the ones you created and no standard ones, all
								local
								ref
								referencing these standard local fields will be in error in your project.
								Always select all of local
								fields
								when importing.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>
									Can I deploy one single local field, updating one single record in LOCAL.TABLE?
								</b>
								No. Design Studio generates always a complete model not part of it. All local fields belong to the same domain
								model. So, even by adding one local field, the generation and deployment on T24 treats all of them.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>
									Why my new local field cannot be deployed on T24 because of missing SHORT.NAME?
								</b>
								Short name is mandatory in T24 LOCAL.TABLE. You can set short name value by editing the
								<filepath>LocalFieldsDefinition.domain</filepath>
								file in domain designer editor. Select your field and click on the properties view.
								Short name corresponds to
								the
								English label in Translation tab.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>
									Why local ref deployment fails due to OLD REF issue?
								</b>
								T24 requires to receive all local ref. for an application in the exact same order it is defined in
								LOCAL.REF.TABLE. If you get the
								<i>(Local table id = CANNOT CHANGE OLD REF)</i>
								message, this means
								you are not sync. with the T24 database. Please
								<xref href="../..\DomainDesigner\tasks\ManagingLocalRef/ImportingLocalRefApplication.dita">import the local refs</xref>
								for this application into your project again. This overrides completely the created "X_[application]" domain
								file.
								If you just added a local field to extend this application you need to redo it. You can now generate the
								file
								again.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>Issues with Maven dependencies:</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						<ul>
							<li>
								<b>How do I know what is the correct version in my pom.xml files?</b>
								The version set in the pom.xml, i.e.
								<i>&lt;version&gt;2015.05.0-SNAPSHOT&lt;/version&gt;</i>
								must match:
								<ul>
									<li>
										Folder name in the
										<filepath>[DSInstallation]\t24-binaries\com\temenos\maven\t24-core</filepath>
									</li>
									<li>
										Value of
										<varname>-Dds.target.platform.version</varname>
										in the
										<filepath>[DSInstallation]\DesignStudioT24</filepath>
									</li>
								</ul>
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>What can I do when my pom.xml is still in error due to dependency issues?</b>
								If you have your
								<xref href="..\Task\Technical\ReloadingT24Binaries.dita">t24-binaries</xref>
								installed with versions correctly set (see point above)
								you can
								<xref href="..\Task\Technical\ForceMavenDependenciesUpdate.dita">force a maven update dependencies</xref>
								to remove the
								issue. A clean on project(s) from Project menu sometimes removes
								the issue.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>DS for T24 Management:</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						<ul>
							<li>
								<b>What to do when I get technical error message, or nothing shows up in UI where it should?</b>
								Please open the Error Log view (Ctrl-3 "Error Log" or menu Window > Show View") - any recent red entries in
								there
								should be sent to Temenos support.
								Best to clear old Error, retry your action - send anything new that appears,
								by
								exporting them. Also check the *.log
								file next to your DesignStudio.EXE (in the installation directory) and
								send it
								along. Also always clarify which
								exact DS build version you're using (menu Help > About), and to exactly
								which
								release of T24 are you connecting.
								(You may "just" have a version mismatch.)
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>Where can I get the "T24 Eclipse Plug-ins"?</b>
								Our Eclipse tooling to edit and remote compile jBC Code on TAFC is available (only) as part of Design Studio for
								T24 Management. We do NOT ship this or others plug-ins separately.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>Are the TAFJ plug-ins included in DS?</b>
								No, DS doesn't bundle the TAFj Eclipse plug-ins.
								you can
								<xref href="..\../TAFJ\tasks\TAFJSetup.dita">copy TAFJ plugins</xref>
								, whatever exact version you require, and upgrade it as needed.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b> Is the jBPM Process Designer in Design Studio "just" a bundled open source Eclipse plug-in?</b>
								DS for T24 Management has extended the indeed OSS jBPM Eclipse tooling and added some T24 Version/Enquiry
								picker UI
								to it.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</p>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
	</body>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Packager/FAQ/FAQ.dita" />
	</related-links>
</topic>
