<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept-26-06-2008--11-06-00">
	<title>Can you explain some of the error messages?</title>
<!--  This DITA file's only purpose is to have a nice looking node when browsing the documentation in Eclipse -->
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>errors (understand and fix)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
			<b>What to do when I get technical error message, or nothing shows up in UI where it should?</b>
			<ul>
				<li> Open the Error Log view (Ctrl-3 "Error Log" or menu Window > Show View") - any recent red entries in
					there
					should be sent to Temenos support.
					Best to clear old Error, retry your action - send anything new that appears,
					by
					exporting them.
				</li>
				<li>Also check the *.log
					file next to your DesignStudio.EXE (in the installation directory) and
					send it
					along.
				</li>
				<li> Also always
					clarify which
					exact DS build version you're using (menu Help > About), and to exactly
					which
					release
					of T24 are you
					connecting.
					(You may "just" have a version mismatch.)
				</li>
			</ul>

		</p>
		<p>The following error messages can be found in Design Studio.</p>
		<simpletable relcolwidth="1* 1*" id="simpletable_A22D7C3C038644178FDE39438C9AF041">

			<sthead>
				<stentry>Error message</stentry>
				<stentry>How to fix the problem</stentry>
			</sthead>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Unable to transform the document: XXX</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry> The file XXX could not be parsed. It could be an invalid character in a Java statement, like ¦. </stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Resource is out of sync with the file system</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					Select the root of the project, and press
					<uicontrol>F5</uicontrol>
					.
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<codeph>Linked dataset XXX results in cyclic reference with YYY domain</codeph>
				</stentry>
				<stentry> Cyclic reference between Classes in different domain is not allowed. But Cyclic reference between Dataset
					in different domain is allowed. To remove this error, you must move the datasets to the same domain model.
				</stentry>
			</strow>
		</simpletable>
	</conbody>
</concept>
