<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-01-07-2009--10-01-02">
  <title>Importing Triple&apos;A Plus Core meta-dictionary</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm/>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>To import Triple&apos;A Plus Core meta-dictionary, ensure that your workspace has met the following prerequisites: <ul>
        <li>Triple&apos;A Plus Core project ( <filepath>pms-models</filepath> ) must be in the workspace. </li>
        <li>Triple&apos;A Plus Core environment must be available.</li>
        <li> Business types file must be present in the <filepath>entities</filepath> package. </li>
      </ul></prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <wintitle>DS Navigator</wintitle> view pane, right-click the <filepath>metadictionary</filepath> package and select <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Import Triple&apos;A Meta-dictionary</uicontrol>
          </menucascade> . </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="step-18-02-2010--11-50-10">
        <cmd> Enter the required parameters to access the Triple&apos;A Plus Core database. If you do not know this information, contact your system administrator. </cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Dataserver Hostname</uicontrol>: The name of the machine where the Triple&apos;A Plus Core database server is hosted. </cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <userinput>w7081</userinput>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Database name</uicontrol> : This name must correspond to the TSL database that provides an extended meta-dictionary for Design Studio. </cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <userinput>tsldb</userinput>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> : Number of logical connection to the dataserver. </cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <userinput>11000</userinput>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Login</uicontrol>: User login that has access to the database entered above. This login is not a Triple&apos;A Plus Core GUI login. </cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <userinput>aaa</userinput>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Password</uicontrol> : Password for accessing the dataserver. </cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <userinput>aaaaaa</userinput>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to finalize the import. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>

    The meta-dictionary is imported into domain files
    <filepath>Entities</filepath>
    and
    <filepath>Enumerations</filepath>
    .
   </p>
      <p>
    The import completely overrides  the previous version. An annotation called
    <i>TripleA:Timestamp</i>
    gives the last date that the meta-dictionary was updated on the environment used for the import.
    This annotation is accessible from the Domain Designer by selecting the domain names AAAEntities and AAAEnumerations
    at the top of files
    <filepath>Entities</filepath>
    and
    <filepath>Enumerations</filepath>
    .
    If you need to compare this value with the Triple'A Plus Core, please run the following request against
    the main database:
    <codeblock>select last_modif_d from table_modif_stat_vw where entity_dict_id = 1101</codeblock>
   </p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../concepts/TripleADomains/TripleAMetaDictionnary.dita"/>
    <link href="../../concepts/BusinessType.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
