<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-01-07-2009--10-01-00">
  <title>Importing Triple&apos;A Plus Core formats</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm/>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>To import Triple&apos;A Plus Core formats, ensure that your workspace matches following prerequisites:<ul>
        <li>Triple&apos;A Plus Core project (<filepath>pms-models</filepath>) must be in the workspace.</li>
        <li>Triple&apos;A Plus Core environment must be available.</li>
        <li>Business types file must be present in the <filepath>entities</filepath> package.</li>
        <li>Triple&apos;A Plus Core meta-dictionary must have been previously imported.</li>
      </ul></prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <wintitle>DS Navigator</wintitle> view pane, right-click the <filepath>formats</filepath> package and select <uicontrol>Import Triple&apos;A format</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step conref="./ImportTripleAMetaDict.dita#task-01-07-2009--10-01-00/step-18-02-2010--11-50-10">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to retrieve formats from the database. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify formats to import with provided filters:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Format code</uicontrol>: Complete code or prefix followed by the <codeph>%</codeph> character.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Function name</uicontrol>: Drop-down list of available functions and sub-functions. </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><uicontrol>Type code</uicontrol>: Drop-down list of available types defined for formats. </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to finalize the import. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>The selected formats are split into domain files per financial function. Existing formats are
      overridden when
      new ones are appended.
     </p>
      <p>By convention, format element named <filepath>seqno</filepath> becomes the primary key of the generated class.
      This format element
      identifies one single instance of a row format. 
     </p>
    </result>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./ImportTripleAMetaDict.dita"/>
    <link href="../../concepts/TripleADomains/TripleAFormat.dita"/>
    <link href="../../concepts/BusinessType.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
