<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-17-01-2011--11-29-00">
  <title>Conditioned on property </title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>security</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
   This feature allows you to condition the behavior of a widget based on the value of another attribute.
			This condition on
   a property is very useful for applying security on an attribute or switching the mode of a module from edit
			to view only.
		</p>
		<p>
   Example: Assume that you have a button with an
			OnClick/Submit
			event defined on it. The behavior of the button depends on the
			value of the
			property
			<codeph>Enabled</codeph>
			:
			<ul>
				<li>True: Reacts normally to user&apos;s click.</li>
				<li>False: The button looks disabled and it does not react to user&apos;s click.</li>
        <li>Conditional: The value of the property is given by another attribute or is the result of more advanced logic. </li>
      </ul></p>
		<p>
			The
			<codeph>Enabled</codeph>
			property offers the
			<codeph>Conditional</codeph>
   option on the following widgets:
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Widget</stentry>
					<stentry>Enabled = True</stentry>
					<stentry>Enabled = False</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Label</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are functional</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are not functional - label is greyed</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Item (Table column Item)</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are functional</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are not functional - label is greyed</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Icon</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are functional</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are not functional - icon is greyed</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Button</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are functional</stentry>
					<stentry>Events are not functional - button cannot be clicked</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Checkbox</stentry>
					<stentry>Can be marked/unmarked</stentry>
					<stentry>Cannot be marked/unmarked</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Radiobutton</stentry>
					<stentry>Can be marked/unmarked</stentry>
					<stentry>Cannot be marked/unmarked</stentry>
				</strow>
      </simpletable>  </p>
		<p>
			Widgets grouped under the category
			<codeph>editable</codeph>
   in the palette have the property <codeph>editable</codeph> also conditioned. Depending on another attribute that can be set in a
			pageflow, the widget becomes editable or not editable.
			The same module can be reused for editing and viewing data by
			designing the form only once.
		</p>
    <section><title>Simplified condition</title> The attribute selected must be a boolean. </section>
    <section><title>Advanced condition</title> A value must be assigned to the boolean variable <codeph>conditionVal</codeph>. This variable is automatically declared when an advanced security condition is used in a module. </section>
	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./Actions/Button.dita" />
		<link href="./Labels/Label.dita" />
		<link href="./Labels/Icon.dita" />
		<link href="./Panels/Table/Item.dita" />
		<link href="./Modifiable/CheckBox.dita" />
		<link href="./Modifiable/RadioButton.dita" />
		<link href="./Editable/Editable.dita" />
	</related-links>
</concept>
