<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-05-05-2010--15-57-00">
	<title>Filter set</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>event filter set</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
			Filter sets contribute to final data selection run in SQL by adding arguments to the
			<codeph>WHERE</codeph>
			clause.
			Filter sets are
			defined on events.
			They are mainly used in the following contexts:
			<ul>
				<li>Event calling a search page: filter set prepares the selection in the dynamic search. It contributes to the
					query run for searching elements. </li>
				<li> Event calling page with lists: contributes to the query run for returning data. </li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>
			A filter set contains one or many filters.
			These filters, within the filter set, are joined by logical operators defined at design time.
			A filter has a level. Different filter sets defined on the same dataset but with different
			levels are combined in the final request. They are joined with each other with the
			<codeph>AND</codeph>
			operator.
		</p>
		<p>A filter set submitted with a level that already exists for a given dataset overrides the previous one.
			A filter set with no criteria corresponds to a cancel of the specified level.
			The current DS version requires a cancel on each filter set level existing on the dataset.
			For instance, if on a given dataset, two filter sets have been designed at level 1 and level 2, two cancel, i.e. two
			filter sets with no criteria, are required, one for each level.

		</p>
	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../Task/CopyingAndPastingEvent.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/CopyingAndPastingEvent.dita" />
		<link href="..\Reference\EventProperties.dita" />
	</related-links>
</concept>
