<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-19-05-2008--14-13-55">
	<title>Page Designer views</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm> page designer design, xsp code, embedded code </indexterm>
				<indexterm>xsp code (page designer)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>design (page designer)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
			The Page Designer provides several different views of a diagram. These
			views are read-only:
			<ul>
				<li>Design</li>
				<li>XSP code (read-only)</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<section>
			<title>Design view</title>
			<p>
				The
				<wintitle>design</wintitle>
				view is the principal view within the Page Designer. This is
				the view that is activated when a page is first opened.
				It provides a
				<uicontrol>Palette</uicontrol>
				menu, which lets you build pages or modules. Additionally, items
				can be dragged and dropped directly into the design
				view, either from the
				<wintitle>DS Navigator</wintitle>
				view pane or from the Domain outline.
			</p>
			<p>
				There are several differences between the
				<wintitle>design</wintitle>
				view and the final
				Triple&apos;A Plus
				page, which are deliberate and are aimed at making the creation of pages
				simpler:
				<ul>
					<li> A space between each widget. This lets you easily add new widgets between existing widgets. </li>
					<li> Many of the widgets, which act as containers, have a border (typically grey) that outlines them. This border
						does not appear in the running application. </li>
					<li>
						Non-visual widgets, such as table columns and hidden fields, are presented in the
						<wintitle>design</wintitle>
						view so that their properties can be modified.
					</li>
					<li> Included fragments and modules are greyed-out. This makes it clear that the displayed widgets are from another
						file and cannot be modified directly within this one. </li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>XSP code view</title>
			<p>
				For modules and pages, the
				<wintitle>XSP code</wintitle>
				view provides an exact image of the
				XSP code that is generated by the code generator. This lets
				technical developers
				who are experienced with
				Triple&apos;A Plus
				understand exactly what code will be generated.
			</p>
			<p>
				When fragments are included in modules, some of the information that is
				used to generate the fragment&apos;s XSP code
				is stored in the include widget
				that contains it (for example, the Bean Prefix property). In other words,
				the code
				that is generated for a fragment depends on the context in which
				it is used. The
				<wintitle>XSP code</wintitle>
				view, therefore, is not always a faithful
				representation of how the fragment will be generated when it is included
				in
				a module. However, visualizing the XSP code of the module that contains
				a fragment is always 100% correct.
			</p>
			<p>
				The
				<wintitle>XSP code</wintitle>
				view is read-only. If the page requires XSP code that cannot
				be created by the Page Designer, a code widget must be
				added to a page and
				the embedded code view can be used.
			</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../MessageEditor/Concept/DefaultLanguage.dita" />
	</related-links>
</concept>
