<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="Concept-21-06-2012--11-10-25">
	<title>Extended Tooltip</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>fragment</indexterm>
				<indexterm>Xtooltip</indexterm>
				<indexterm>dynamic tooltip</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
			Extended tooltip provides the mix of label and data in a
			tooltip, when regular tooltip allows only translated static
			label.
		</p>
		<p><!-- Xtooltip content -->
			The extended tooltip content is defined in a fragment, with dedicated type:
			<i>Extended Tooltip</i>
			sets in the fragment creation wizard.
			Fragment of such type have the following characteristics:
			<ul>
				<li>
					Palette is limited to the only widgets that can contribute
					to extended tooltip.
				</li>
				<li>
					Labels and data
					must be organized within a grid.
				</li>
				<li>
					Data dropped within these
					fragments
					are forced to
					<i>not editable</i>
					by Design Studio.
				</li>
				<li>
					No style sheet or alignment are applicable on extended tooltip elements.
				</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p><!-- Xtooltip reference -->
			Extended tooltip is set on a widget simply by referencing the corresponding fragment. It can be set on:
			<ul>
				<li>Editable and modifiable widgets,
				</li>
				<li>Label, icon and button,
				</li>
				<li>Table column item and table group.
				</li>
			</ul>
			Please note that extended tooltip fragment and model (fragment or module) that references it, must be based on the
			same dataset.
		</p>
		<p><!-- Xtooltip display -->
			When extended tooltip is set, for instance on a widget, a mouse over that widget in the resulting generated Web
			page
			displays a layer above that widget. This layer contains labels and data appearing as simple text. The tooltip
			size is
			automatically adapted to the largest text.
		</p>
		<p>
			An extended tooltip disappears by default when the user moves the mouse away from the widget. This can be changed
			thanks to a widget's property.
			The layer becomes permanent, supporting translated title and requiring a user action on
			the cross icon to be closed.
		</p>
		<p>
			The extended tooltip data are part of the Web page. Then, the mouse over the widget
			displays the tooltip immediately,
			with no
			access to the application server.

			<note>Returning a great number of dataset attributes to be displayed in tooltip increases the data to request form
				the back-end and the page size.
				This can lead to performance issues.
			</note>
		</p>
	</conbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./Tooltip.dita" />
		<link href="./Fragment.dita" />
		<link href="./Module.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/CreatingFragmentFile.dita" />
		<link href="../Task/SettingXtooltip.dita" />
		<link href="../Reference/FragmentProperties.dita" />
	</related-links>
</concept>
