<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-07-04-2008--14-14-23">
  <title>Comparing model file with local history</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>compare with local history</indexterm>
        <indexterm>local history (compare)</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody id="taskbody-07-04-2008--14-14-23">
    <context id="context_AB6A48D72048428AA079F6FB0EBA01FC">Each time you save changes to a model file on your workspace, Design Studio (DS) maintains a copy. This lets you to compare the model file that you are working on with its previous versions. The Local History panel lets you select previous versions of the model file. These versions are saved and organized by date and time. One version is created each time the file is saved. </context>
    <steps id="steps_5ADE4155E52F4B05826842642C415B62">
      <step id="step_C0212D8E9CDE44B0BD89DBEA4BB80827">
        <cmd>In the DS Navigator view pane, right-click on the file that you want to compare with itself. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Compare With Local History...</uicontrol>. </cmd>
        <stepresult>The <wintitle>Compare With Local History</wintitle> window is displayed with three separate panels – Local History panel, Structural Differences panel, and Visualization of Structural Differences panel. The Structural Differences panel lets you browse the changes that were made to the model file. When you click on a change, the Visualization of Structural Differences panel highlights the change in both active model (on the left) and versioned model (on the right).</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="./CompareWithEachOther.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Comparing model files?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</task>
