<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-10-06-2013--12-24-10">
	<title>Importing T24 Resource (RIM)</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Steve Doney</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Resource import</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Import </uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The Import Select dialog appears.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Expand the Design Studio folder and select
					<i>Import T24 Resources</i>
					then click
					<uicontrol>Next.</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The T24 Resources Import wizard will then be displayed.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					The Server Selection dialog shows next. Select the server where your T24 data is and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The subsequent dialog will ask you where you want to import the resource(s) to. </stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					In the project-models section choose a folder under the rim where you wish the resource to import to and name the
					new reource file, only then you can click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the Applications you want to include in the imported
					resource and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
				<info>
					The T24 Application Name Selection dialog allows the user to filter enquiries by Application, Product and
					Component. A wildcard (*) can be used in the Application section - the others are drop down selectors. As filters
					are used the matching values will appear in the preview window, these can then be selected individually or with the
					<uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
					button.
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the enquiries you want to include in the imported
					resource and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
				<info>
					The T24 Enquiry Name Selection dialog allows the user to filter enquiries by Application, Enquiry Name, Module and
					Component. A wildcard (*) can be used in the Enquiry Name section - the others are drop down selectors. As filters
					are used the matching values will appear in the preview window, these can then be selected individually or with the
					<uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
					button.
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the screens you want to include in the imported
					resource and click
					<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
					.
				</cmd>
				<info>
					The T24 Screen Name Selection dialog allows the user to filter enquiries by Application, Screen Name, Module and
					Component. A wildcard (*) can be used in the Screen Name section - the others are drop down selectors. As filters
					are used the matching values will appear in the preview window, these can then be selected individually or with the
					<uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>
					button.
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
					button.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>An information panel will appear summarizing the imported data count and location, and errors if any
					occurred.
				</stepresult>
			</step>

		</steps>
		<result>The rim is imported in your workspace. </result>
		<postreq>
			<note>The T24 Resource or RIM is used to provide a standard link methodology to a resource, whether it is in T24 or
				in
				another external system. The resource details for T24 data vary between a read only type such as an Enquiry to a
				resource which can be updated or deleted. In the latter the rules and resource links to provide that functionality
				are included in the resource record.
			</note>
		</postreq>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../concepts/Resource.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Rim.dita" />
		<link href="../../VersionDesigner/Task/ImportingVersions.dita" />
		<link href="../../EnquiryDesigner/Task/ImportingEnquiries.dita" />
		<link href="./AmendingRIM.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
