<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-12-02-2014--10-15-57">
	<title>Opening Model element </title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>opening finding searching model</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context> This task describes how to find and open a model by searching for its name or looking for a given domain element like application.
			This is very helpful when you only have the name and not the  location.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Combine the keys "Ctrl + Shift + F3".
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The Open Model ELement dialog is displayed. The dialog box is composed by two filters and a list of
					matching items.
					Each list item presents two parts separated by  "-":
					<ul>
						<li>The element name</li>
						<li>The element type</li>
					</ul>
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Use the first text field to filter the model element name.
					The string you enter filters all model elements
					containing the input string in its name.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Use the second text field to filter the model element type.
				</cmd>
				<info>
					You have the following different available types:
					<ul>
						<li>
							Domain elements:
							<ul>
								<li>MdfDomain: domain model.</li>
								<li>MdfClass: application or multi-value and sub-value group definition.</li>
								<li>MdfAssocation: reference to application or association by value to multi-value or sub-value group. </li>
								<li>MdfEnumeration: List of possible values.</li>
							</ul>
						</li>
						<li>Enquiry: enquiry model.</li>
						<li>Version: version model</li>

					</ul>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select the line in the matching item list and click on
					<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>
					button to open the model.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>The selected model is opened with the DSL editor.</result>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./Searching.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
