<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="devguide_programmersguide_architecture_plugins">
	<title>Headless Mode</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Kai Kreuzer</author>

		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>headless</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
		<title>Overview</title>
		<p>
			Design Studio is not only a graphical tool to design models, it is also an essential part of
			the automatic OCS build process as this requires to generate the code from the model projects. 
		</p>
		<p>
			Therefore, Design Studio also supports the so-called "headless" (meaning non-UI) mode for code
			generation. For this, the plugin <codeph>workbench-generation</codeph> defines a dedicated
			Eclipse application with the ID <codeph>com.odcgroup.workbench.generation.headless</codeph>, which
			refers to the implementing class <codeph>RunGeneration</codeph>. This class executes two steps: 
			It first prepares the code generation and then launches it.
		</p>
		</section>
		<section>
		<title>Preparation</title>
		<p>
			The headless mode expects to find model projects in its configured data area, but no existing 
			workspace (i.e. no ".metadata" folder).
		</p>
		<p>
			If no workspace information is there yet, the headless mode will try to import all folders that
			exist in the data area as existing projects. Once the projects are in the workspace it will
			look only at valid Design Studio model projects (thus ignore pure Java projects and others), update
			their configuration using the <codeph>ProjectInitializers</codeph> and migrate all model
			files with outdated metamodels.
		</p>
		<p>
			As a last preparation step, it runs a full model validation over all model resources. In case
			that any error is reported, it will terminate with an according log message.
		</p>
		</section>
		<section>
		<title>Code Generation Execution</title>
		<p>
			Assuming that all model projects contain only valid model resources, for each project all of
			the activated code generation cartridges are executed subsequently. In case that any unrecoverable
			error occurs, the code generation will terminate with an appropriate message on the console.
		</p>
		</section>
		<section>
		<title>Launching the Headless Mode Code Generation</title>
		<p>
			For running the code generation Design Studio needs in a headless mode, the JRE must be started up
			with appropriate parameters. A directory must be passed to define the data area, in which the model
			projects can be found for which code should be generated. The gen-projects will then be automatically
			created in the same directory.
		</p>
		<note>
			Model projects can depend upon each other. It is very important that if project A depends on project B,
			both projects A and B are available in the data area!
		</note>
		<p>
		Assuming, the DS Generator zip is extracted to the folder ${baseLocation} and the model projects are located
	 	in ${workspace}, the execution of the DS Generator can by done in ANT by
	 	<codeblock><![CDATA[
<java taskname="ds-code-generation" 
      jvm="${java.home}/bin/java" fork="yes" 
      classname="org.eclipse.core.launcher.Main"
      failonerror="true">			
  <classpath>
    <fileset dir="${baseLocation}/plugins">
      <include name="org.eclipse.equinox.launcher_*.jar"/>
    </fileset>
  </classpath>
  <jvmarg value="-Xms128m"/>
  <jvmarg value="-Xmx512m"/>
  <jvmarg value="-XX:PermSize=64m"/>
  <jvmarg value="-XX:MaxPermSize=128m"/>

  <arg line="-application com.odcgroup.workbench.generation.headless"/>
  <arg line="-data ${workspace}"/>
  <arg line="-clean"/>
</java>	 	]]></codeblock>
		</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>

</concept>
