<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="t24basic_ide">
	<title>Getting Started with T24 Basic (TAFC)</title>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>T24 jBC (TAFC)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>T24 Basic IDE for TAFC provide the necessary tools to do T24 Basic local development with an editor for JBC code.
			Some of the features of this editor are context specific colouring, formatting, tooltip on keywords, code assist and
			hyper link to load source files.
		</p>
		<p>It has several views which provide lists of CALLs, Inserts, Labels, TODOs, Regions etc., which help with navigation
			in the code.
		</p>
		<p>It provides the necessary operations such as Compile code in server, list different directories from server and
			drag-and-drop files across local and server directories, and wizards to help in creating subroutines.
		</p>
		<p>This chapter describes the BASIC (jBC) tooling available for TAFC. For the Java JVM-based T24 platform TAFJ,
			Eclipse tooling for BASIC (jBC) which is separate from what is described in this chapter is available, with more
			advanced features includes e.g. Java-like Eclipse Debugger integration. Documentation for the TAFJ BASIC (jBC)
			tooling
			is currently available in a separately distributed format.
		</p>
		<p>
			Agenda of the example:
			<ul>
				<li>
					Switch to T24 jBC (TAF/C) perspective.
				</li>
				<li>
					Import the base project:
					<xref href="./../Workbench/Task/ManagingProject/ImportingReferencingProjects.dita"></xref>
				</li>
				<li>
					Make sure the required list of T24 items (subroutines, data records etc.,) exist in your project.
				</li>
				<li>
					Setup a T24 Connection:
					<xref href="./../Workbench/Task/DeployingApplication/AddingServer.dita"></xref>
				</li>
				<li>
					Start the server in normal or debug mode.
				</li>
				<li>
					How to Install Change Set:
					<xref href="./tasks/RTCTools/ChangeSet.dita"></xref>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
