<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-07-04-2008--14-12-09">
  <title>Creating page flow files</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>page flow create</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>A pageflow file cannot exist outside of a package. The following steps assume that you have an existing Design Studio Workbench package. There is no limit to the number of pageflow files you can create in a package. </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the DS Navigator view pane, click on the package in which you want to create a new pageflow file. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Right-click on the project folder name, and select <uicontrol>New Pageflow</uicontrol>. </cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <p>The <wintitle>Create Pageflow</wintitle> dialogue box is displayed.</p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> In the <uicontrol>Pageflow Name</uicontrol> field, type the name of the new pageflow file. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> (Optional) In the <uicontrol>Description</uicontrol> field, type a description of the pageflow file. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd> Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. </cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <p>The name of the new pageflow file is displayed in the DS Navigator view pane in the
      appropriate package.
     </p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the Properties view pane that is located below the Editor area, complete all fields (mandatory fields are indicated with an asterisk). For more information about how to complete this view pane, see section &quot; <xref href="../Reference/PageflowProperties.dita">Page flow properties</xref> &quot;. </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../../Workbench/Concept/Packages.dita"/>
    <link href="../Concept/Pageflow.dita"/>
    <link href="../Reference/PageflowProperties.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</task>
