<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-19-02-2008--13-02-00">
  <title>Importing Triple&apos;A Plus XML pageflow files</title>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Mathias Astier</author>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>import OCS page flow</indexterm>
        <indexterm>page flow (import)</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_866E40E0A51647C8BE07D1411A15917D">Triple&apos;A Plus XML pageflow files can be imported into the Design Studio (DS) Pageflow Designer. The import process creates packages based on the pageflow file name. For example, if the pageflow file name is string1-string2-xxx-stringN.xml, the system will create the package string1.string2.xxx.stringN. All pageflows contained in the pageflow file will be created in this package with the name declared within the XML file. <p>Each pageflow contains a reference to the original Triple&apos;A Plus pageflow file name (for example, <menucascade>
          <uicontrol>Model Properties</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>Technical</uicontrol>
          <uicontrol>File Name</uicontrol>
        </menucascade>). You will then be able to visualize the pageflows graphically, and to input information into the Properties view pane of each item in the pageflow.</p></context>
    <steps id="steps_774589D4659E431E9D45A8D55292EFCE">
      <step id="step_FE753C18908F428AB256C751F49C609F">
        <cmd>On the DS Navigator view pane, select the project in which you want to import a new pageflow file.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="step_B2FE25BA073E409186AAA7ECE2493D2B">
        <cmd>Right-click on the Pageflows node and select <uicontrol>Import OCS Pageflow File</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The <wintitle>OCS Pageflow Import Wizard</wintitle> dialog box is displayed.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step id="step_C2FC693B74D5429E8E34D9756435E631">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Select File</uicontrol> field, click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to the Triple&apos;A Plus XML pageflow file to import.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="step_2F01AB9380914C00A2A4EFAB061825B5">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../Concept/Pageflow.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Pageflows?>    </link>
    <link href="../Reference/PageflowProperties.dita">
<?xm-replace_text Pageflow properties?>    </link>
  </related-links>
</task>
