<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="task-29-08-2008--12-51-57">
	<title>Creating packager template projects</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>project (create)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>packager template</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>This task provides guidance for creating in your workspace all required projects for configuring: models,
			data
			and routines intended to be packaged and installed in local or remote TAFC/TAFJ environment.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					On the menu bar, click
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Project</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
					.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<wintitle>New Project</wintitle>
					dialog box is displayed.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select
					<menucascade>
						<uicontrol>Design Studio</uicontrol>
						<uicontrol>Design Studio Template Project</uicontrol>
					</menucascade>
					and click
					<wintitle>Next</wintitle>
					.
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>
					The
					<wintitle>New Design Template Projects</wintitle>
					dialog box is displayed.
				</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Select from the drop down list the template accorded to your T24 installation:
					<uicontrol>t24-packager-tafc</uicontrol>
					or
					<uicontrol>t24-packager-tafj</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<info>
					If the drop down is empty, you need to install the
					<xref href="../../Workbench\Task\Technical\ReloadingT24Binaries.dita">t24-binaries</xref>
					.

				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					<xref href="../references\TemplateParameters.dita">Set Template parameters values.</xref>
				</cmd>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>
					Click
					<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
					to create the projects.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			Four projects are created by the template. By default,
			<filepath>ft-custosample</filepath>
			is the prefix of these projects:
			<ul>
				<li>
					<filepath>ft-custosample-data-code</filepath>
					: holding basic and data files.
				</li>
				<li>
					<filepath>ft-custosample-models</filepath>
					: holding Design Studio models that can be imported and amended thanks to dedicated editors.
				</li>
				<li>
					<filepath>ft-custosample-models-gen</filepath>
					: holding files Design Studio generates from the
					<filepath>ft-custosample-models</filepath>
					project.
				</li>
				<li>
					<filepath>ft-custosample-packager</filepath>
					: packager project itself from where you can launch the final artifact creation.
				</li>
			</ul>
		</result>
		<postreq>
			If you already have projects for Basic and data files and/or a project for your models, you can remove the
			all
			projects template creates but the packager one.
			<p>
				You then need to replace in the packager project pom.xml all
				dependencies to your own projects.
				You also need to edit
				the
				<filepath>ft-custosample-packager\module\pom.xml</filepath>
				and declare in the
				<i>module</i>
				section all projects you want to be part of the packaging.
			</p>
		</postreq>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="../../Workbench/Concept/Projects.dita" />
		<link href="../concepts/Packager.dita" />
		<link href="../references\TemplateParameters.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>

