<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="LaunchingPackageTAFJ">
	<title>Launching packager TAFJ</title>
	<shortdesc>This task describes how to launch the packager that creates the jar to install on
		TAFJ environment.
	</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>packager</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>
			You must have
			already created your packager
			project. Please refer to the
			section
			<xref href="./CreatingDemoPackager.dita" />
			.
		</prereq>
		<context>
			This takes place when and all changes on models, data records and basic files have been done and locally
			tested, ready
			to be installed in another
			environment.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Right click on packager project in the in the Package Explorer view, for instance
					<filepath>ft-custosample-packager</filepath>
					in the default template,
					and select
					<uicontrol>
						Create Package
					</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The build starts. Log is displayed in the Console view.</stepresult>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			Example of successful build result displayed in the console.
			<codeblock>
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Building ft-custosample-packager-module 14.2-SNAPSHOT
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] 
	[INFO] --- maven-clean-plugin:2.4.1:clean (default-clean) @ ft-custosample-packager-module ---
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Reactor Summary:
	[INFO] 
	[INFO] ft-custosample-data-code ............................ SUCCESS [13.756s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-models ............................... SUCCESS [46.839s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-models-gen ........................... SUCCESS [1:37.669s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-packager ............................. SUCCESS [0.317s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-packager-module ...................... SUCCESS [0.042s]
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Total time: 2:42.060s
	[INFO] Finished at: Mon Sep 08 15:35:10 CEST 2014
	[INFO] Final Memory: 26M/313M
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
			</codeblock>
			The resulting file is created and copied into the target directories under the packager project. The file name is
			based from information stored in the packager pom.xml. For instance: R15_FT_CustoSample_1_JAVA_15.0
			<ul>
				<li>Release: R15</li>
				<li>Component Name: FT_custosample</li>
				<li>Revision Number: 1</li>
				<li>TAFJ: JAVA</li>
				<li>Version: 15.0</li>
			</ul>
			<note>
				If you encounter memory issue when generating the package,
				you can adapt
				<xref href="../references/DSGeneratorJVMArg.dita" />
			</note>
		</result>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./CreatingDemoPackager.dita" />
		<link href="./InstallingPackageTAFJ.dita" />
		<link href="../references/DSGeneratorJVMArg.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
