<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="LaunchingPackageTAFC">
	<title>Launching packager TAFC</title>
	<shortdesc>This task describes how to launch the packager that creates the tar to install on
		TAFC environment.
	</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>packager</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>
			<note>
				When launching the packager on your local machine, the Basic files are compiled against Windows platform and thus
				cannot be deployed on other
				platforms like Unix. If your T24 runs on other platform, please refer to section
				<xref href="./PackagingOnRemoteServer.dita" />
			</note>
			You must have
			already created your packager
			project. Please refer to the
			section
			<xref href="./CreatingDemoPackager.dita" />
			.
		</prereq>
		<context>
			This takes place when and all changes on models, data records and basic files have been done and locally
			tested, ready
			to be installed in another
			environment.
			<p>TAFC requires settings of system variables prior to run the packager.
			</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Open a command Windows or create a .BAT file to set the
					variables defined in the section:
					<xref href="../references/TAFCSystemVariables.dita" />
					.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Launch your Design Studio from that
					command Window or inside the .BAT file.
				</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					Right-click the packager project header in the Package Explorer view, for instance
					<filepath>ft-custosample-packager</filepath>
					in the default template,
					and select
					<uicontrol>
						Create Package
					</uicontrol>
				</cmd>
				<stepresult>The build starts. Log is displayed in the Console view.</stepresult>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>
			Example of successful build result displayed in the console.
			<codeblock>
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Building ft-custosample-packager-module 14.2-SNAPSHOT
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] 
	[INFO] --- maven-clean-plugin:2.4.1:clean (default-clean) @ ft-custosample-packager-module ---
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Reactor Summary:
	[INFO] 
	[INFO] ft-custosample-data-code ............................ SUCCESS [13.756s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-models ............................... SUCCESS [46.839s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-models-gen ........................... SUCCESS [1:37.669s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-packager ............................. SUCCESS [0.317s]
	[INFO] ft-custosample-packager-module ...................... SUCCESS [0.042s]
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] BUILD SUCCESS
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
	[INFO] Total time: 2:42.060s
	[INFO] Finished at: Mon Sep 08 15:35:10 CEST 2014
	[INFO] Final Memory: 26M/313M
	[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
			</codeblock>
			The resulting file is created and copied into the target directories under the packager project. The file name is
			based on information stored in the packager pom.xml. For instance: R15_FT_CustoSample_1_WIN64_VC100_15.0.tar
			<ul>
				<li>Release: R15</li>
				<li>Component Name: FT_custosample</li>
				<li>Revision Number: 1</li>
				<li>OS: WIN64_VC100 (determined by the system)</li>
				<li>Version: 15.0</li>
			</ul>
			<note>
				If you encounter memory issue when generating the package,
				you can adapt
				<xref href="../references/DSGeneratorJVMArg.dita" />
			</note>
		</result>
	</taskbody>
	<related-links>
		<link href="./CreatingDemoPackager.dita" />
		<link href="./InstallingPackageTAFC.dita" />
		<link href="../references/TAFCSystemVariables.dita" />
		<link href="../references/DSGeneratorJVMArg.dita" />
	</related-links>
</task>
