<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="faq-packager">
	<title>Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Olivier Cevaer</author>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm></indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<body>
		<p>
			For any FAQ related to global usage of Design Studio, not directly related to packager, please refer to section
			<xref href="../../Workbench/FAQ/ListOfFAQ.dita">Design Studio Workbench FAQ</xref>
		</p>
		<section id="packagerFAQ">
			<p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>Working with remote TAFJ installation:</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						<ul>
							<li>
								<b>How can I extract data records from the database?</b>
								When you
								<xref href="../../TAFJ/tasks/TAFJToogle.dita">toggle TAFJ nature</xref>
								to your
								<filepath>-data-code</filepath>
								project, set the correct connection properties in the TAFJ properties file. Use TAFJ plug-ins to
								<xref href="../tasks/ExtractingDataRecordsFromIDE.dita">extract data records from database.</xref>
								For more details, please refer to TAFJ documentation.

							</li>
							<li>
								<b>Why can't I have my basic code successfully compiled?</b>
								When
								<xref href="../tasks/CompilingBasicCodeWithRemoteTAFJ.dita">compiling your basic code</xref>
								, INSERT and CALL commands, referencing other routines must be resolved.

							</li>
						</ul>
						<p></p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>Dealing with data records:</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						<ul>
							<li>
								<b>How to automate the extraction of data records from the database?</b>
								Use DBTOOLS to
								<xref href="../tasks/ExtractingDataRecordsInBulk.dita">
									extract data records in bulk mode.
								</xref>
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>Can I package data records of business table like CURRENCY?</b>
								Yes. For instance, imagine you intend to package a change of FBNK.CURRENCY record.
								Even if the T24 data installer
								log shows that all company records are updated (i.e: FBNK.CURRENCY,
								FEU1.CURRENCY...), only the one(s) contained
								in the
								package; FBNK.CURRENCY, is really changed.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>How authorizing data records T24 installer deployed on my environment?</b>
								You can use the T24 Auto Authorization service ‘T24.AUTHORISE’. Please refer to the T24 Auto Authorization
								documentation.
							</li>
						</ul>
						<p></p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>Synchronizing my local environment:</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						<ul>
							<li>
								<b>Can I locally install a package to get my colleagues changes on my machine?</b>
								Yes. You can take a nightly build package, for instance; from validation environment updated with all changes
								all
								teams committed, and install it locally.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>Can I deploy all artifacts on my local server by generating code?</b>
								This is true when you generate code on your
								<filepath>-models</filepath>
								project.
								With server sets to active, Design Studio deploys all models to the server: local fields, local ref.,
								versions and
								enquiries.
								Generating code from the
								<filepath>-data-code</filepath>
								project has no effect and then doesn't update your local server for (*.d) and (*.b).
							</li>
						</ul>
						<p></p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<menucascade>
							<uicontrol>Installing package:</uicontrol>
						</menucascade>
						<ul>
							<li>
								<b>Can I use standard component name when creating my packager project?</b>
								When you
								<xref href="../tasks/CreatingDemoPackager.dita">create your package</xref>
								, you have to set a
								<xref href="../references/TemplateParameters.dita">component name</xref>
								. This name is given to the jar holding your compiled routines of your
								<filepath>-data-code</filepath>
								project. If you use existing component name, make sure you have all routines related to that component in your
								workspace.
								The copy of that jar, first step when
								<xref href="../tasks/InstallingPackageTAFJ.dita">installing the package</xref>
								, completely overrides the existing JAR.
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>How do I change the jar file name the package creates inside final jar?</b>
								If you need to change the jar holding basic code classes, you need to
								<xref href="../tasks/ChangingComponentName.dita">change the component name.</xref>
							</li>
							<li>
								<b>Is T24 installer used for installing package part of BUILD CONTROL?</b>
								No. T24 installer is a new process coming in the
								<filepath>EB_Updates.jar</filepath>
								of your TAFJ environment
								that is completely separated from BUILD CONTROL.
							</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
